It is one of the four main types of wetlands .
You are informed about the block reason in two ways .
Since then , it has been awarded in six classes .
Customers were required to register twenty-four hours prior to gaming .
Industry is growing around the capital , as is tourism .
The size suggested the largest squid known at the time .
It has a screen that supports its sculptures and decorations .
He had lived alone in a cave for 27 years .
Before Ghalib , letter writing in Urdu was highly ornamental .
Pink Floyd watched the Beatles recording `` Lovely Rita '' .
The international destination for this cycle is Marrakech , Morocco .
Many of his most famous paintings come from this period .
He died in 1931 of cancer in Kallista near Melbourne .
It contains two prominent super star clusters with different histories .
On the relations of Man to the lower animals p57-112 .
I. On the natural history of the man-like Apes p1-56 .
It was never an issue of harm in human consumption .
Common causes include insect bites\/stings , foods , and medications .
Dilation of blood vessels around the brain may cause headaches .
The latter part of his life was spent in America .
He played high school football at Tuscaloosa County High School .
The Beagle is a breed of small to medium-sized dog .
All of this work is supported by research and education .
The Penguins finally won 3-2 in the fourth overtime period .
The excavated temple can still be seen in Pompeii today .
The torcitoios and filatoios took their power from the shaft .
The winding machines were situated on the top three floors .
In Denmark DSB has rented 12 Desiro trains since 2002 .
Its maximum depth is 11,063 feet ( 3,372 metres ) .
She published a memoir , Full Circle , in 1982 .
In the 1970s , the original stadium was closed down .
As of the 2010 census , the population was 115,507 .
These fires were also the only way of cooking food .
The instigator , Robert Kett , was executed for treason .
The rest of the album was produced by Paul Epworth .
About half of the sea stands above the continental shelf .
Eisenstein would then work as a designer for Vsevolod Meyerhold .
The title for the project ,  Que viva Mexico !
The capital of the district is the town of Mannar .
Between 1969 and 2003 , 824 Harrier variants were delivered .
The legacy of Tyndale 's Bible can not be overstated .
There are a number of different types of substitution cipher .
It is now in the Derby Museum and Art Gallery .
Here it is labeled `` Watch Slower , Watch Faster .
The Whitehurst family was known in Derby as eminent mechanics .
There are boards for 4 , 6 and 8 players .
The former Sabellius denied ; the latter he fully admitted .
Is it original , substantial , essential to divinity itself ?
Only one species , Rapetosaurus krausei , has been identified .
Many tree frogs can change their color for better camouflage .
It was re-released to theaters on March 25 , 1988 .
Months pass , and both Tod and Copper reach adulthood .
Statues represent Technology , Justice , Philosophy , Medicine etc. .
Applicable locations are listed on the event 's specific article .
Constant shear stress can be applied by shaking or mixing .
The judges praised Minyintiri for his subtle use of color .
It had a long snout and a powerful finned tail .
Furthermore , some of the wrist bones have disappeared entirely .
Wii due to their physical similarity to Mario and Luigi .
Popular genres include dance videos , comedy , and drama .
The director can use built-in camera controls , if available .
Nitsche compared this experiment to an unpredictable Dogme 95 production .
Machinima can be less expensive than other forms of filmmaking .
Traditionally , Miss World lives in London during her reign .
John Mutton was elected Mayor in 2000 at age 34 .
The connecting term is not part of the name itself .
He departed in mid-June 1910 for his only trip abroad .
He also recorded for Blind Pig Records during this period .
The line from Wuppertal to Radevormwald was closed in 1976 .
These are expected changes for an earthquake of this magnitude .
( See Names for the number 0 in English . )
Its name is in honor of Colonel John G. Cullmann .
The strength of the force was 13,454 during March 1971 .
It is within a three-hour drive of the Andes Mountains .
The Report supported a strict interpretation of the First Amendment .
Slovenia assumed 62 % and Croatia the remaining 38 % .
Settlements on the coast include Porthallow , Porthoustock and Coverack .
Loyalists founded Freeport in 1784 establishing fishing and trading industries .
He sought to consolidate royal power and crush domestic factions .
In 1908 he left the university to concentrate on chess .
Games are 14 minutes long , in two seven-minute halves .
This tree is directly released as a new stable version .
Their whiskers serve as feelers in the soft bottom sediments .
In the Canadian Arctic , seal pupping occurs in May .
It has characteristics of both pound cake and coffee cake .
One cup of starter makes one standard loaf of bread .
Since 1974 he has been a Research Director of CNRS .
In Greek mythology , Bast also is known as Ailuros .
The lower jaw was robust , with a short beak .
Pegomastax differed from other heterodontosaurids by details of the skull .
Each cell creates one printing dot later in the process .
Perez switched to the British Formula Three Championship for 2007 .
The first match was between Tito Santana and The Executioner .
The next match was between Ricky Steamboat and Matt Borne .
Two Wanderers games count as wins for Canadiens and Toronto .
Razor shells have a fragile shell , with open ends .
Wright also formed a bond with office foreman Paul Mueller .
The cell wall is a very thin primary cell wall .
The children fantasize about a world where dreams come true .
The genus name is also used as the common name .
The small populations were then hunted out by Paleolithic humans .
Backpacking is a form of low-cost , independent international travel .
The ward refers to itself in English as Chuo City .
A drought year may result in a very narrow one .
Heavy mortars are typically between 120 - and 300-mm calibre .
The Wendel Clark trade made the Bill Ranford deal happen .
The population of Camborne was 20,010 at the 2001 census .
In 1993 the Mississippi River almost completely flooded the island .
Parts of the town were rebuilt in the new area .
Traditionally the Punjabi dhol has been the domain of men .
In November 2002 , the house was razed by developers .
Mario Kart Wii ( Wii , Mario Kato Wi ? )
The town acts as a commercial center for the district .
Rural settlement 's population : 1,366 ( 2006 est. ) .
It is located in the western part of the district .
Water Lilies ( or Nympheas , pronounced : ( n .
This turned into a museum about the Dutch East Indies .
The first Nizam ruled on behalf of the Mughal emperors .
These were the only Nazi concentration camps on British soil .
In Oligocene Africa , they were the dominant predatory group .
The concert was broadcast on radio and television in Europe .
Ontiveros and her husband , Elias , had three sons .
The dodder can grow and attach itself to multiple plants .
Both finals are held on Sunday of the following week .
Unlike the Eiffel Tower , Blackpool Tower is not free-standing .
Appeal to Reason was released on October 7 , 2008 .
In 1874 , the municipality of Egelshofen was renamed Kreuzlingen .
One end connects to a ticketing and baggage claim area .
It is available in English in The World of Mathematics .
Takamoto eventually became an assistant for the legendary Milt Kahl .
Oxygen difluoride is the chemical compound with the formula OF2 .
It was first seen battling with Maylene in their training .
Grouped data is a statistical term used in data analysis .
Construction costs were paid by selling the Michigan\/Van Buren property .
The National Olympic Committee for Liechtenstein was created in 1935 .
Born : 16 May 1875 , San Francisco , Calif. .
The straw can also be used for making corn dollies .
She makes it her way , which is more quirky .
They were new characters with completely different outlooks and goals .
She also has joined the bipartisan Congressional Cuba Democracy Caucus .
An artificial environment makes reliable observation of non-defensive behavior difficult .
The National Olympic Committee for Chile was created in 1934 .
These fish reach sexual maturity at 9-12 months of age .
The lower body is yellow in the west-central Indian Ocean .
There was one preserved ring of scutes around the neck .
The capital of the district is the town of Kilinochchi .
Nowadays the airfield is mainly used for domestic passenger services .
In the center is the painter Jean Baptiste Antoine Guillemet .
They are united at their base into a tube-shaped structure .
The production of interferon is an important host defense mechanism .
Only American films were nominated for the award until 1952 .
The capital of the district is the town of Mullaitivu .
It is noted for the deaths of two Leeds fans .
The L&B rises and falls several times along its length .
Others came from somewhere else and went somewhere else . ''
Smoked fish is fish that has been cured by smoking .
This was also a pioneering contribution to Chinese ethnic studies .
This asymmetry introduces a negative bias in the roundoff errors .
That is , half-way values y are always rounded up .
This asymmetry introduces a positive bias in the round-off errors .
The system brought heavy rain to portions of Vancouver Island .
Pollination happens as the insect attempts to mate with flowers .
By 1579 , Caccini was singing at the Medici court .
He was also the father of the composer Francesca Caccini .
She gives birth to a calf whom she names Ben .
Beethoven rebelled against this determinative quality in the first movement .
The position was consolidated in the Taiho Code of 702 .
Soros is also the chairman of the Open Society Foundations .
The 2011 MLI will be held on the Claremont campus .
Its budget for 2006-07 was budget of $ 27.8 million .
The unification was at the protocol level with the host .
Two addition picks in both the 4th and 7th rounds .
The Mayflower departed Plymouth , England on 6\/16 September 1620 .
I thought he was a devil , a bad spirit .
That document speaks about an elevation with a fortified watchtower .
The Mayor 's office was responsible for keeping the books .
A set of low denomination banknotes was introduced in 1974 .
The first Hutt River coins were not issued until 1976 .
asks singer Greta Svabo Bech before the bass hits '' .
The area also produced grapes , pistachios , and pommegranates .
It is the capital city in the province of Limburg .
They begin to call themselves `` Freak the Mighty '' .
It has six schedules which give varying degrees of protection .
Its local government area is the City of Glen Eira .
The advisory council encourages action toward detecting adolescent mental illness .
It was based on traditional designs and sacred Dreaming legends .
In 2006 , she became the chairperson of Maruku Arts .
For he hath regarded : the lowliness of his handmaiden .
This decreased energy typically leaves the fragment in great supply .
Another relatively common detector is the ion trap mass spectrometer .
After 1905 , it increased its size to 20 pages .
Today , there are no living members of the order .
Also , 18 Soviet companies were brought in from Novorossiysk .
The system is between 200 and 300 million years old .
The area is not directly served by the Metrorail system .
The dermal base may contain bone and produce dermal armor .
Scutes are similar to scales and serve the same function .
The first subjects to be taught were law and theology .
10,230 ft. ) from Dir and Shandur Top ( el .
The Lowari Tunnel is being constructed under the Lowari Pass .
Double-blind methods came into especial prominence in the mid-20th century .
The opposite of a blind trial is an open trial .
The anti-nuclear movement grew in California between 1964 and 1974 .
Everything outside the system is considered the surrounding or environment .
The song became Selena 's third song to be charted .
The National Olympic Committee for Cameroon was created in 1963 .
Gardiner portrayed Salisbury as guilty of nothing more than opportunism .
This made it suitable for manuals and other long-format documents .
However , some were able to realize truly professional results .
They are all herbaceous plants native to eastern North America .
Most of these dishes may also be prepared with udon .
In January 1914 Walter conducted his first concert in Moscow .
Centwine is reported to have abdicated and become a monk .
1 and Britney Spears ' `` Everytime '' on Vol .
During the promotional tour , he and Irglova began dating .
Burgenland 's provincial assembly ( Landtag ) has 36 seats .
The third Concorde Agreement covered the 1992 to 1996 seasons .
He was the last surviving Confederate veteran in Lowndes County .
The most complete oviraptorosaur specimens have been found in Asia .
Jordan began writing songs while she was in third grade .
In 1947 , he won in Luneburg , and Kassel .
In 1951 , he won in Augsburg , and Saarbrucken .
The per capita income for the village is $ 14,467 .
It crossed 140  W and entered the Central Pacific .
It quickly intensified , reaching hurricane status on August 1 .
Twelve hours later , it organized into a tropical storm .
Among the casualties were two fishers who were reported missing .
Typhoon Oliwa caused 12 fatalities and left 30,000 people homeless .
Her maternal grandfather was Nobel Prize winning economist Ragnar Frisch .
She became a Norwegian citizen at the age of eighteen .
Skor is a candy bar produced by The Hershey Company .
Snekkjas were one of the most common types of ship .
The most technically challenging scene was the mule skiff chase .
Central America is an area of some 524,000 square kilometres .
It has a density of 77 people per square kilometer .
For post-to-post systems , the newels project above the handrails .
Sita is one of the most popular divinities of Hinduism .
After the war , various state-run sanatoriums were built there .
The island of Dominica suffered severe damage from Hurricane Omar .
All barge access for hauling sand and stones were destroyed .
Many ancient Near East deities were represented in anthropomorphic figures .
This reaction type can be found in certain transfer hydrogenations .
Kevin Tighe returns as Anthony Cooper , Locke 's father .
Lindelof noted , `` We 're no longer stalling . ''
Several new recurring characters were introduced in the sixth season .
Season six was planned to have 17 episodes , too .
The nation has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games .
She also discovered the robust Zinjanthropus skull at Olduvai Gorge .
It was consecrated by Pope John Paul II in 1993 .
The data was tabulated by machine for the first time .
Graduated from Saint Petersburg State Theatre Arts Academy in 2010 .
Light machine guns are often used as squad automatic weapons .
The station group is rendered on tickets as London Terminals .
As he struggles to adapt , he meets Uesugi Riko .
It first emerges in Staten Island in New York City .
It extends through portions of New York and New Jersey .
The wings are large , broad , rounded and long .
San Luis Obispo is an incorporated as a charter city .
Boog never expects to see his `` buddy '' again .
His son , replying with `` This is the news !
Nelson 's ancestry includes English , Irish , and Cherokee .
Petty crimes such as pickpocketing and bag snatching are common .
She was buried at the Royal Crypt in El Escorial .
In 1883 , the composer married his student Rosina Jordana .
This made the theriodonts the most successful group of synapsids .
It turned to the northwest and weakened on August 20 .
Each step takes up a full beat of the music .
On 22 August 1937 , Limerick played its first match .
Parkes is a town in New South Wales , Australia .
The name Xangsane was submitted by Laos and means elephant .
The per capita income for the city was $ 12,489 .
The duodenum is the first part of the small intestine .
In total , the three schools offer approximately 900 places .
Moreover , IPSA participates in the cluster ASTech Paris Region .
He achieved the rank of lieutenant-colonel during his military career .
Sawing was slow , and required strong and hearty men .
Richard succeeded his father as Duke of Normandy in 996 .
This would provide enough power for 1.5 million average homes .
( 1983 ) and The Fisher King ( 1986 ) .
Because in reality , I do n't like strip clubs .
`` It would be a surreal experience , for sure .
He served as Foreign Affairs Minister from 1973 to 1977 .
Gray has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame .
It is followed by the capital Vienna with 7.82 % .
The nation has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games .
It brought a full professional contract for 2007 and 2008 .
A roundabout of the city of Toulouse bears his name .
One of these stretches along Lake Constance in the north .
The burial place of his second wife Abigail is unknown .
The site is free to use , requiring only registration .
Alternate spelling : should not be confused with Bear Mountain .
Nero 's rule is often associated with tyranny and extravagance .
Zeus appears and tells him that it is the Underworld .
Hercules fights and defeats Cerberus and chains him up again .
Monasteries were founded and all of Carinthia was slowly Christianised .
Conrad lived in exile until the Calistine Concordat of 1122 .
The Afrotropic is one of the Earth 's eight ecozones .
The Roman Senate was a political institution in ancient Rome .
Each State is to have the same number of senators .
The F. W. Woolworth Company is succeeded by Foot Locker .
The sequel to this novel is The Sea of Monsters .
Gum arabic is a complex mixture of glycoproteins and polysaccharides .
Its remnants caused blackouts as far east as Saint Petersburg .
It was upgraded to Tropical Storm Harvey on August 19 .
He gave lectures and played some cricket while in India .
Commercial preparations of chondroitin sulfate typically are the sodium salt .
Early researchers identified different fractions of the substance with letters .
The county motto is `` Kingdom of the Sun . ''
These plants formed lowland forests along the banks of rivers .
There were five female factories in Van Diemen 's Land .
Wikipedia articles should be based mainly on reliable secondary sources .
Only the Congress can pass changes to FIFA 's statutes .
Lenihan was popular and widely seen as humorous and intelligent .
He was cremated and his ashes were scattered at sea .
All lead vocals performed by David Gilmour except where noted .
He also served as commander of several Army medical units .
Both infants died of diphtheria during the winter of 1886-1887 .
People are in a terrible situation , '' he said .
Thousands of houses were flooded , with 21 reported destroyed .
Due to its location it is an easily accessible village .
The Chuvash Wikipedia was created on November 22 , 2004 .
Meanwhile all over the village fires are being inexplicably extinguished .
Since then , Two-Tone has gone off on her own .
Spot is a chicken who wants to become a Dalmatian .
By 1910 , John William Laing was running the business .
Martin Laing determined that the company should begin to diversify .
The present Gewandhaus is the third building with the name .
His death is recognized as martyrdom by the Catholic Church .
When he was four years old , his mother married .
There are over 4,000 people in the city of Medford .
Twenty-five players are members of the 500 home run club .
In the Bible , Memphis is called Moph or Noph .
A practitioner of the discipline is known as a mechanician .
Saints ' personal belongings may also be used as relics .
There are three extant and three fossil genera currently recognized .
All lyrics written by Scott Weiland , except where noted .
His pet tarantula has not eaten since the family moved .
It is less than a mile from the original cemetery .
He was the first African American to hold that post .
Islam requires that its adherents wear clothes that portray modesty .
Olsen began his career working summers in a machine shop .
The Theatre du Chatelet was originally used for drama performances .
He is also known as the King of the North .
The fruit helps distinguish him iconically from depictions of Kuvera .
His second daughter , Kari-Nina , was born in 1940 .
He was survived by his second wife , Sidsel Ramson .
Isolobal fragments of tetrahedral and octahedral molecules can be related .
For example , a MoL6 complex is d6 and neutral .
Any 17-electron metal complex would be isolobal in this example .
It describes the sounds and the atmosphere of the sea .
On 1 April 1605 , Cardinal Medici was elected pope .
The shield is supported by two wood-cutters of different races .
UNEP also has six regional offices and various country offices .
Details about the conflict between Google and Forestle are debated .
The legs have wide dark bands before the first bend .
Soon it started experiencing strong wind shear and continued weakening .
Therefore , Talas remained weak and did not strengthen further .
At least 9,433 houses were destroyed while 18,616 were damaged .
Names are contributed by members of the ESCAP\/WMO Typhoon Committee .
A total of 1,113,763 people were affected by the storm .
A total of 75,632 people were affected by the storm .
The national roads were impassable and landslides were also reported .
, Undertaker challenged Henry to a Casket match at WrestleMania .
After winning the battle royal , he kissed Lilian Garcia .
Many near-complete specimens lack heads , tail tips and limbs .
The succession of power in the Insei system was complex .
Nathan Birnbaum coined the word zionism about the year 1890 .
In addition , Sand authored literary criticism and political texts .
Sand later used the setting in many of her novels .
During that time , Lego was suffering a ten-year downturn .
Arovell Verlag is an Austrian publishing house for contemporary literature .
Baldwin is known as the Father of American Civil Engineering .
Central Luzon produces the most rice in the whole country .
Jackson also stated she would have enjoyed collaborating with Aaliyah .
The song peaked at number 21 on the Hot 100 .
He has no descendants but had a distinguished military career .
They are marked in the same way as practical exams .
It is the largest palace in Europe by floor area .
A daughter , Eva-Marie , was born in June 2009 .
Rural settlement 's population : 1,095 ( 2006 est. ) .
The Cheboksary-Yadrin highway crosses the territory of the rural settlement .
It is located in the central part of the district .
The Royal Navy lost 33 landing craft and one destroyer .
The Royal Navy would supply 237 ships and landing craft .
The creek is a tributary of the South Platte River .
The Grandfather tells imaginative tales in response to her questions .
Sony unveiled Crystal LED display technology in the CES 2012 .
Cornell said , `` I think we kinda overdid it !
The band would make up the dates later in 1995 .
Most of the county is part of the Crystal Coast .
Other actresses have subsequently portrayed younger versions of the character .
It was published in the Tenpo era ( 1830-1844 ) .
Cuban athletes have never participated in the Winter Olympic Games .
This mud expanded in every direction and became the earth .
She was a student of Maurice Denis and Paul Serusier .
Inside is a purple velvet cap with an ermine border .
The website also includes user forums , reviews and blogs .
Mortality is around 25 % -50 % for the eggs .
The Ourthe River was passed at Ourtheville on 21 December .
They offered alternative plans , but Hitler would not listen .
Jani was the test driver for Sauber Petronas in 2004 .
Minardi had competed in Formula One from 1985 to 2005 .
Nassau County is part of the Greater Jacksonville Metropolitan area .
It was named for the Duchy of Nassau in Germany .
The current Tadodaho is Sid Hill of the Onondaga Nation .
Cuthbert is regarded as the patron saint of northern England .
World 's longest cantilever bridges ( by longest span ) :
The capital of the district is the city of Trincomalee .
Argentine clubs have won the tournament a record three times .
A person who works in archives is called an archivist .
The historical name of this acid is oil of vitriol .
The remaining graves are listed as May 14 , 1864 .
Egypt had not held Kadesh since the time of Akhenaten .
The Z3 was an electromechanical computer designed by Konrad Zuse .
He died there on 13 July 1807 , aged 82 .
It also has a miniature golfing section called Moose Mountain .
The structural component of plants are formed primarily from cellulose .
Seyss-Inquart was found guilty of all charges , save conspiracy .
Before he began painting , Donegan worked as a stockman .
Boeing said that the allegations were `` without merit '' .
In the 21st century the focus is now shifting again .
The company has annual sales of over $ 7.3 billion .
His boss told him that he was `` crazy '' .
The rocky shores are home to scorpions and carpet vipers .
Nile crocodiles are found in great abundance on the flats .
Rivers and his parents come together to support Uncle Daddy .
This is why Grandma Gallagher is against her granddaughter performing .
Mary and the other Special Education students spend days practicing .
Mary wins the competition as well as Sky 's heart .
Each of the teams faces only teams of his conference .
Its formation was based on the basis of Islamic nationalism .
It was also the site of a Johnny Carson special .
The city is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area .
( As of 11\/6\/11 ) \* from minimum 5 starts .
Other grape varieties include Poulsard , Trousseau , and Chardonnay .
It is one of the largest man-made lakes in France .
It is the second-largest member of the Flora asteroid family .
Some of these artifacts are displayed at the Musee Boucher-de-Perthes .
It is part of the Mason City Micropolitan Statistical Area .
The sea is probably named after the ancient Ligures people .
The Steel Valley area as a whole has 763,207 residents .
The Host is a science fiction\/romance novel by Stephenie Meyer .
A single-tier system has existed in Northern Ireland since 1973 .
( key ) ( results in bold indicate pole position )
It is the motto of the U.S. state of Minnesota .
In 2009 , he founded the production house Spray Filmes .
In 2010 Andrade directed the Nestle 90 year anniversary campaign .
The builder was James Wallace of 123 Sussex St Sydney .
Its Asian and Melanesian collections are also of strong interest .
Princess Alice was born 25 February 1883 at Windsor Castle .
In the 1930s it was a stronghold of Lang Labor .
Nonetheless , the committee is still composed mainly of politicians .
The album spent 5 weeks on the Billboard Heatseekers Chart .
New Super Mario Bros. 2 has received generally positive reviews .
As of September 2010 , she is studying Veterinary Medicine .
, is a Pokemon-related manga based on the video games .
Type fonts were stored digitally on conventional magnetic disk drives .
These adaptive traits may be structural , behavioral or physiological .
He also worked with the Komische Oper of East Berlin .
A new Catholic community was founded in the 19th century .
Important Cultural Properties of Japan (  , juyo bunkazai ?
exclusive it was no longer seen as `` Undisputed '' .
Following the cancellation of Star Trek : Enterprise , SmackDown !
has become the second highest watched program on The CW .
The first hour was instead streamed from WWE 's website .
It is the most common animal in the Burgess Shale .
The plant has no stems , leaves or true roots .
It is well known for its natural beauty within Norway .
USF2000 is a series the organization started sanctioning in 2010 .
I. In August , a hurricane hit the West Indies .
During September 9 and September 10 a hurricane impacted Bermuda .
Wachsmann is especially known for playing within the electronica idiom .
Preferably , one can simply try to avoid reversion wars .
Uncle Tom 's Cabin outraged people in the American South .
Country dance overlaps with contemporary folk dance and ballroom dance .
Usually , only the dominant male in the group mates .
A performance takes between 51\/2 and 61\/2 minutes .
The following day the women are still with the men .
Hercules replies that Zeus could make it work that way .
However , on occasion the sweet-natured Maria could be mischievous .
It is set apart by its black and ivory coloration .
Antoni Zaleski decorated its yellow facades with baroque stucco work .
The same day he was succeeded by his advisor Nerva .
She danced from the time she was five years old .
While in the West he maintained a busy directing career .
Menotti distinctly wanted Amahl to be performed by a boy .
Of the fifteen signs , two appear to be unique .
This suggestion is in line with Wikipedia 's conflict-of-interest guidelines .
In 1917 , the price was increased to one penny .
Roman soldiers would have thus looked much like Greek hoplites .
Novaya Zemlya separates the Kara Sea from the Barents Sea .
He collaborated with Frank Macfarlane Burnet to study viral antibodies .
She won that title again in 2005 and in 2006 .
Deinosuchus was probably capable of killing and eating large dinosaurs .
The districts of Aue and Schwarzenberg were established in 1873 .
They do , and Typhon lands in the Hudson River .
Tyson plays a minor role in The Titan 's Curse .
The Ticino river is the largest river in the canton .
Kim placed seventh in the short program with 60.30 points .
He made it when he was about 80 years old .
Every year about 40 concerts are given in the cathedral .
During the next two centuries it was burnt down twice .
The axolotl is also a relative of the tiger salamander .
There are currently 93 electoral districts in New South Wales .
It reflects people 's ways of living and their spirits .
Cell division in the papilla is either rare or non-existent .
It has black harp or wishbone-shaped markings on the back .
Peat 's insulating properties make it of use to industry .
Under pressure , water in the peat is forced out .
Kewaunee is part of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area .
The British fleet in the War of 1812 was disrupted .
This provided evidence flight in bats developed well before echolocation .
She was raised as a Christian Scientist until age 13 .
The presenters started off by giving all contestants 12 points .
Some scientists , however , are skeptical of this idea .
Native Americans also used juniper berries as a female contraceptive .
They are generally crushed before use to release their flavor .
Before independence , the village was inhabited by Garhwal Jats .
Magazines may organize reader polls , notably the Locus Award .
It finally meets the Main near the city of Bamberg .
Montgomery was hit once more though , in the knee .
Poor immune function is also a risk factor for disease .
Other decongestants such as pseudoephedrine are also effective in adults .
Its capital is Pietermaritzburg and its largest city is Durban .
In its later years it was a Formula One race .
The King 's representative possessed a number of overlapping roles .
The most common oxidizer is potassium nitrate ( KNO3 ) .
He performed `` The Rising '' with an all-female choir .
Interstellar space travel is manned or unmanned travel between stars .
On 14 October 1931 , Pretoria achieved official city status .
The nagamaki is designed for large sweeping and slicing strokes .
They are currently signed to EMI Australia and Virgin UK .
He was a finalist for the 2010 World Mayor prize .
He was a nephew of the geologist Sir Andrew Ramsay .
Sandpipers have long bodies and legs , and narrow wings .
Most woodpeckers use a cavity for only a single year .
The Cheboksary-Alikovo highway crosses the territory of the rural settlement .
Rural settlement 's population : 1,081 ( 2006 est. ) .
It is located in the central part of the district .
Nishani is married to Odeta Nishani and has 2 children .
The large feet are robust , with long curved claws .
The budget of the movie was only $ 24 million .
Jito 's reign spanned the years from 686 through 697 .
The tail was held above the ground during normal locomotion .
Kolkoutines paintings are both simple and complicated it is said .
Frames in different colors surrounding the motifs are often oblique .
The first edition was published anonymously in London in 1818 .
Her two younger brothers are twins : Quentin and Guillaume .
- Investigation of the Principles of Knowledge , volume 2 .
At the time of its merger with The Left Party .
Brillat-Savarin is often considered as the father of low-carbohydrate diet .
Dallas published his book under the pseudonym of A. Kettner .
However , lone doves will find new partners if necessary .
It often gathers at drinking spots around dawn and dusk .
They will sometimes perch on plants and eat from there .
The eyes are dark , with light skin surrounding them .
An eruption creating floods could demolish sections of the highway .
Initially , European activity consisted mostly of trade and exploration .
The United States especially emerged as a `` superpower '' .
The foundations are 20 m ( 66 ft ) deep .
Currently , the most popular sports include football and chess .
The per capita income for the town was $ 31,526 .
He is regarded as one of the Five Good Emperors .
One brewer was Joseph Truman , first recorded in 1683 .
The work was published in France between 1913 and 1927 .
In 1936 she returned once again to the United States .
She also traveled into Poland , Germany , and Britain .
Little is known of the honey badger 's breeding habits .
It is a principal city of the Auburn-Opelika Metropolitan Area .
The current mayor of Auburn is Bill Ham , Jr. .
The resistance to the Japanese occupation continued in the Philippines .
The weekly number-ones are released by Musikmarkt and go TV .
Dan had been seen in Chiltern riding a stolen horse .
One set of armor was given to Sir William Clarke .
Scanlon went for his gun but Ned shot him dead .
When Sherritt opened the door , Byrne shot him dead .
Ned shot him in the chest to end his suffering .
They have dubbed this smaller remnant the Mini Magellanic Cloud .
The Port is named in honor of King Louis XV .
Castration also figured in a number of religious castration cults .
Oxygen was first discovered by Swedish pharmacist Carl Wilhelm Scheele .
Any qualified researcher can propose to use an ALS beamline .
Among first-time male voters , the party received 13 % .
( T ) hey were remorseful , '' Elrod says .
She was fined $ 1,500 and given three years probation .
The bank helped to finance concentration camps , including Auschwitz .
The renowned trademark `` Florette '' was created in Lessay .
A remembrance plaque can be seen next to the altar .
Tourism is also an important economic activity in this region .
Dutch broadcaster AVRO was the host broadcaster for the event .
November 7 is the Day of the Railroader in Mexico .
After leaving the office , Sarkozy retired from political life .
Soon Perpignan became the capital of the counts of Roussillon .
To the east , it faces Mie and Shiga Prefectures .
To the south , it faces Osaka and Nara Prefectures .
Cristo was born during the military coup d'etat in Chile .
The first edition covered 45 objects numbered M1 to M45 .
This was a position he held for over 40 years .
Or maybe yesterday , I do n't know '' ) .
Nucleophilic describes the affinity of a nucleophile to the nuclei .
After starting CSI , McGraw ceased the practice of psychology .
Henry Watkins then moved the family to Richmond , Virginia .
Its name is in honor of General John A. Elmore .
Elmore County is a county of the State of Alabama .
His mother had been an office worker until her marriage .
Western parts were turned into English garden style in 1828-1852 .
Blake resigns from the police force and inherits the Batcave .
Batman has disappeared ; Bruce Wayne has become a recluse .
The most famous dish served in Lippe is the Pickert .
`` How much I should like to see you again .
And she he ( a ) rd of him also .
With primary alkyl halides , the alternative SN2 reaction occurs .
Two common side reactions are elimination reactions and carbocation rearrangement .
The SN1 reaction is a substitution reaction in organic chemistry .
This will be especially true if the reaction is heated .
In 1881 Sisley made a second brief voyage to Britain .
Athanasius eventually spent most of his life battling against Arianism .
The cubical bone is lightweight due to a spongy construction .
The composer Cesar Franck was born in Liege in 1822 .
Ford also had a long working relationship with R.A. Fisher .
Research usually involve a mixture of field and laboratory studies .
The Second war was more stealthy and covert in nature .
Cities , states and then empires developed in these lowlands .
The Roman Empire would later control parts of Western Asia .
He was also known for his unusual form of stroke .
He died on November 17 , 1999 of natural causes .
However , Moore 's health declined rapidly that same year .
He successfully defended that title in the following three years .
By that time Moore was recognizable by his cowboy airs .
The orchestra 's first home was the Free Trade Hall .
Many parrots are vividly colored , and some are multi-coloured .
A special item for each character has also been implemented .
Raber currently works as a composer and producer in Vienna .
The belt also includes other European and Asian mountain ranges .
HIStory received a Grammy nomination for Album of the Year .
In all , he appeared in eleven episodes of Lost .
He discovers a dragon scale while walking in the woods .
The per capita income for the city was $ 22,667 .
Ghazni City is located in an area of extreme drought .
An Emergency Political Conference was held on 18 October 1917 .
These were the only Nazi concentration camps on British soil .
The most recent scientific review suggests 8 years of age .
Annual Reports and Accounts are submitted to the Scottish Ministers .
For a right circular cylinder , there are four possibilities .
Nadal was the number one seed and led the field .
The fingerprint region is more specific to an individual compound .
The racemic mixture might then be separated via chiral resolution .
In February 2008 , Timberlake was awarded two Grammy Awards .
In January 2007 , Timberlake embarked on the FutureSex\/LoveShow tour .
Ploughs are popular with cruising sailors and other private boaters .
More than 100,000 victims were evacuated to flood relief centres .
The state assembly makes laws in matters regarding the state .
Luxembourg is a parliamentary democracy headed by a constitutional monarch .
Mimosa pudica is well known for its rapid plant movement .
About half of the National Historic Landmarks are privately owned .
While there he was initiated into Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity .
The Sturt Highway runs along the length of the division .
On 16 June 956 Hugh the Great died in Dourdan .
In 1815 he published the first geological map of Britain .
Ordinary seaman is a military rank used in naval forces .
The capitals of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha were Coburg and Gotha .
On the south , Onega Bay receives the Onega River .
He is most notable for proving Fermat 's Last Theorem .
It is often believed to belong to the Pasiphae group .
His sons took part in the adventures of the Calypso .
Afterwards he settled in Havana and opened a medical practice .
All SEALs are male members of the United States Navy .
The school library has over 20000 books available to students .
These killings could also involve the relatives of an offender .
It was released to theaters on February 12 , 2010 .
It is one of the oldest and broadest engineering disciplines .
Children are sold into the global sex trade every year .
US President Barack Obama said he was ready to help .
About 300 roads were closed , including nine major highways .
Coal railway lines were closed and numerous mine sites flooded .
It is a setting of six poems by Theophile Gautier .
However , kaffir lime appears to be much more common .
Illustrations of the ATF headquarters can be found at http:\/\/www.loopnet.com\/xNet\/MainSite\/Listing\/Profile\/ProfileSE.aspx?LID=15025032&linkcode=10850&sourcecode=1lww2t006a00001 .
It is serviced by the Rhode Island Ave-Brentwood Metro station .
Only about half of the total area is considered productive .
The canton of Valais lies in the southwest of Switzerland .
The National Olympic Committee for Morocco was created in 1959 .
His eldest son , Frederick William IV , succeeded him .
Mendelssohn 's overture popularized the cave as a tourist destination .
The surface of Callisto is heavily cratered and extremely old .
It is a member of the Kansas Board of Regents .
The district is named after the main city , Mirpur .
Cleander was in fact the person who had murdered Saoterus .
Halley 's work strongly influenced the development of actuarial science .
At the age of 16 , he was racing Ministocks .
The color of the day system is about officer safety .
An extra 500,000 people enter the city during a weekday .
It was heavier than the Moa and taller than Aepyornis .
It has 103 km ( 64 mi ) of coastline .
Settlers have introduced many species of palm trees to Bermuda .
After one game with the Mission , Leveque was released .
This would be Leveque 's final game with the Chiefs .
Asteroid 11580 Bautzen is named in honor of the city .
In 1993-94 he played seven games for the Washington Bullets .
He tells Liadan that Niamh is indeed alive and safe .
Liadan discovers their secret during a walk in the forest .
Over ten years , he trained and became a gunslinger .
is a young boy saved by Kurohime in his childhood .
His parents were Richard Thomas Hammett and Anne Bond Dashiell .
Sometimes a course is simply set to meet a need .
Safe air transport requires staff trained specifically for this activity .
Rural settlement 's population : 1,758 ( 2006 est. ) .
The Cheboksary-Yadrin highway crosses the territory of the rural settlement .
It is located in the eastern part of the district .
Their tails were relatively stiff and probably used for balance .
Drawing became his exclusive creative outlet during the period 1848-1851 .
The constellation also harbors the wide spiral galaxy NGC 6907 .
It is named after Psamathe , one of the Nereids .
This trick only works in namespaces where subpages are enabled .
Jim Bachman is the PA announcer for Villanova basketball games .
jQuery has also been used in MediaWiki since version 1.16 .
Mary joins the war effort by becoming an ambulance driver .
She is the elder sister of fellow speedskater Milan Sablik .
The two Vezina brothers arrived on December 22 , 1910 .
On many tests this occurs at all levels of ability .
Victor Horta had a decisive effect on architecture in Belgium .
All Scottish Fold cats share a common ancestry to Susie .
ENAC Alumni is member of the Conference des Grandes Ecoles .
Han ( Love Should Go On ) '' (  .
Since then she has released seven albums and multiple singles .
Most of his works of this period are female nudes .
Adina is annoyed to see that Nemorino has not appeared .
For 1959 the Award was again divided into two awards .
From 1957 onwards , the award merged into one category .
Landmarks include the Basilique de Valere and Chateau de Tourbillon .
The first steamer was placed on the lake in 1852 .
This process is the fundamental cause of the greenhouse effect .
`` year name '' ) which was introduced in 645 .
Perugia has had a rich tradition of art and artists .
Perugia is the capital city of the region of Umbria .
In 1797 , the city was conquered by French troops .
The history of Perugia goes back to the Etruscan period .
This group has a ring distribution around the northern hemisphere .
When the proper person invited me , I consented . ''
He found Thumb and Warren alone in the downstairs parlor .
She learned to play the piano when she was seven .
Konrad Lorenz famously had a goose imprint on his boots .
Williams won nine Constructor 's titles between 1980 and 1997 .
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Mandarin oranges are usually eaten plain or in fruit salads .
Most refer to a special kind of city and\/or state .
From then on she had her own staff and associates .
After reconstruction Louis and Mary called it `` Pinhead . ''
He opened another excavation at Fort Ternan on Lake Victoria .
Important guests stayed for weeks if they could stand it .
Bidatsu 's reign was marked by power struggles about Buddhism .
Eden is a local government district in Cumbria , England .
The pair 's new motorcycle made its debut in 1899 .
Marianna became the county seat , but not without controversy .
Clokey was born Arthur Charles Farrington in Detroit , Michigan .
Valerie therefore paid the money to Margaret 's daughter instead .
He graduated from the Escola with honors five years later .
Ley 's wife had followed him to England in 1942 .
Little is recorded of Ley 's life during the 1930s .
Debora Cahn was promoted to co-producer with the fourteenth episode .
Thomas Schlamme also left the show after the fourth season .
Hartsfield 's Landing is a fictional town in New Hampshire .
Schlamme remained attached to the series as an executive consultant .
Production design is done by Greg Melton and Alex Hajdu .
The county council meets in the county hall in Iserlohn .
Most people recover spontaneously and achieve near-normal to normal functions .
There are no bodies of water of any significant size .
Research activities at the university are done in 35 laboratories .
In September 2011 , 31 associations are approved by UVSQ .
He is member of the three councils of the university .
Jean-Charles Corbet is a French chief executive officer and aviator .
Piquet also said the Renault boss favored teammate Fernando Alonso .
In 2004 , Piquet won the British Formula Three Championship .
This underlies the basic epistemological problem of establishing causal relationships .
The following table lists some differences between the two methods .
shared by two or more Specialized : joint - ad .
This process would continue until a new king was elected .
If accepted , the king-elect did not immediately enter office .
She has appeared on the Tyra Banks Show multiple times .
Sungai Petani has a high and medium sized business community .
The railway station is managed by Keretapi Tanah Melayu Berhad .
Its name derives from a town of the Creek tribe .
The work of both brothers was well known to Darwin .
Francisco Moreno first saw the mountain on 2 March 1877 .
The hotel is now managed by Fairmont Hotels and Resorts .
This is typical of birds that regularly forage on trunks .
The 4th millennium BC saw major changes in human culture .
The district-free city Hoyerswerda was completely surrounded by the district .
The object was officially named on March 24 , 1930 .
The area is popular with Dresden locals and international climbers .
The lake shares its name with the Slavey First Nations .
The district is located east of the city of Munster .
The innermost portion of the shell is a pearlescent blue-gray .
This award was first given for films released in 1934 .
Yamabuki Castle was built in the center of the complex .
Coal trains and gas pipelines are also vulnerable to disruption .
However , wind power plants are quickly installed and repaired .
She took lessons in dance , singing , and acting .
Makoi was used for the rongorongo tablets of Easter Island .
The town is steeped in history , museums and monuments .
Most of them migrate to the south during the winter .
Keene received a Bachelor 's degree from Columbia in 1942 .
Whilst there , they were coached by the Chilingirian Quartet .
The film was released to foreign markets in October 1994 .
The per capita income for the CDP was $ 27,085 .
Commonly used abbreviations for the county are Warks or Warwicks .
The only town in the south of Warwickshire is Shipston-on-Stour .
Educational facilities include a middle school and a music school .
Her role in Weekend Update was well received by critics .
Some avalanche-like settling is normal , but is not desirable .
Such a decision is entirely a personal or cultural preference .
GCI has activities in both art conservation and architectural conservation .
The trust is governed by a 13-member board of trustees .
The Sundarbans forest is home to more than 400 tigers .
According to Virgil , Vulcan was the father of Caeculus .
It has a population of 521,273 ( 2004 census ) .
Two of those medals were won at the Winter Games .
A term formerly used for direct current was galvanic current .
It is the oldest shore establishment of the U.S. Navy .
It is also why hash functions have large data blocks .
There were no fatalities as a result of the hurricane .
Lu was born in Chiayi County , Taiwan in 1945 .
Lu was raised a Christian and attended a Protestant school .
Asteroid 11998 Fermilab is named in honor of the laboratory .
An estimated 1 million neutrino events are recorded each year .
They occur worldwide except from South America and Southern Africa .
The 54 Angels are the Studio54 Network 's front girls .
Pena was completely blind by the time he was 20 .
Rowe was a principal founder of the University of Melbourne .
The last passenger service was on May 28 , 1977 .
`` People were booing him , flipping him off . ''
The Memphis Flyer estimated that Sharpton attracted about 250 supporters .
DEC was one of the pioneer technology companies in Kanata .
It is a great tourist , economic and cultural pole .
The locality was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1997 .
It originally covered the suburbs of Footscray and North Melbourne .
Possible exceptions include the clamping of arteries in severe hemorrhage .
In 1955 Hurricane Janet levelled the northern town of Corozal .
Important mangrove ecosystems are also represented across Belize 's landscape .
Blanchette started playing ringette when she was 4 years old .
Blanchette has been at the professional elite level since 2003 .
She played her sport at every amateur level in Montreal .
in Japan ) is a Pokemon video game for WiiWare .
It won the first Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film .
These are ski poles with small skis on the end .
It is the first game in the Puzzle League series .
`` Baba screams and fires at it several times . ''
`` Hysterically '' she shouts out `` Who is it ?
Examples include humans , eagles , wolves , and snakes .
Rural settlement 's population : 2,608 ( 2006 est. ) .
The Cheboksary-Vurnary highway crosses the territory of the rural settlement .
It is located in the central part of the district .
Bonaparte placed the two in the same family , Guaibasauridae .
He finally took the Kurhausstuberl from his mentor in 1980 .
A stillborn daughter in 1752 ; stillborn son in 1756 .
Leatherback turtles are one of the deepest diving marine animals .
Correct : Hal said that everything was going extremely well .
F. & J. Heinz launched their tomato ketchup in 1876 .
Brian Finn was born in Te Awamutu , New Zealand .
Some of the maps were transferred from Wikipedia image pages .
Many thousands of maps were collected , over the years .
Ron Gourlay is the Chief Executive of Chelsea Football Club .
Seiwa 's reign spanned the years from 858 through 876 .
The most common genera of seagrasses are Halophila and Halodule .
It moved west-northwestward , and approached the coast of Florida .
V. A tropical storm struck South Carolina on October 6 .
Old boys of the school are commonly known as Doscos .
Only the chorus contains lyrical similarities to the final version .
This demo is completely different from the more familiar version .
Twenty-four 16-cells meet at any given vertex in this tessellation .
The Schlafli symbol of the 16-cell is -LCB- 3,3,4 -RCB- .
Barbados has been an independent country since 30 November 1966 .
It is possible to go diving and see the ruins .
The rest of Indonesia is part of the Indomalayan ecozone .
It covers a water area of about 300,000 km  .
The land bordering the Gulf is generally flat and low-lying .
It is the oldest known bird to have a beak .
Their attempts to have children , however , were unsuccessful .
Carried to Turin , he died here on 7 October .
On 26 March 2005 Hester committed suicide , aged 46 .
Upon reaching puberty , herring returns to the Norwegian Sea .
Meanwhile , the elderly capelin population was quickly fished out .
Houdini performed the escape for the rest of his career .
He is the president and founder of the PDP-Laban party .
, with text by Mario Viana and opposite Dalton Vigh .
Their debut album , Boy , was released in 1980 .
IAS was created in 1980 and is located in Toulouse .
The main river through the district is the River Rhine .
These schools move along coastlines and traverse the open oceans .
The Pacific islands are surrounded by large Exclusive Economic Zones .
The player replacing the loser gets to choose who serves .
Gohar Shahi claimed to have met with Jesus in America .
Shahi claimed to have met with Jesus Christ in 1997 .
RAGS International was renamed to Messiah Foundation International in 2000 .
An addition reaction is the opposite of an elimination reaction .
He said it was unnavigable , being filled with ice .
Juneau International Airport serves the city and borough of Juneau .
Alaskans later voted against spending the estimated $ 900 million .
Initially there was not much response to the new city .
Soviet player Andrey Khachatoruv proposed a similar system in 1946 .
Sixteen countries sent a total of twenty-six delegates to Geneva .
When Cobain was seven years old , his parents divorced .
Rangel moved to the city of Beira during the mid-1960s .
The Sun and Moon contribute roughly equally to this effect .
If the stressful conditions persist , the polyp eventually dies .
He emphasized the bunyip was believed to have supernatural powers .
On March 17 , 1995 Janet Reno ended the investigation .
Federico Pena married Cindy Velasquez on September 2 , 2006 .
It minted money and served as a justice administration center .
Most other arthropods have more than three pairs of legs .
After mating , the female will wash her vulva thoroughly .
Multiple males will be attracted to a female in heat .
Several of the 556 photographs were released a year later .
The Swedish Olympic Committee was created and recognized in 1913 .
In 1861 Maria Christina sold the property to Napoleon III .
The Chateau de Malmaison ( French pronunciation : (  .
They may have managed to live worldwide , including Antarctica .
In 1865 , the county seat was transferred to Selma .
Pierre lies on rough river bluffs overlooking the Missouri River .
He was buried in the church of Saint-Martin at Chateauneuf-sur-Sarthe .
GCI has activities in both art conservation and architectural conservation .
In these works , chapters are often subdivided into sections .
One litre of human blood contains about six billion phagocytes .
Collimated light is sometimes said to be focused at infinity .
( 1962-1965 & 1967-1978 \/ 12 Series \/ 803 episodes )
His car was taken over by reserve driver Walter Baumer .
Caracciola fell ill and handed his car over to Lang .
Together they had two children : Juan Pablo and Manuela .
She made the semis in doubles in the same tournament .
She lost the finals to Vera Zvonareva 7-5 , 6-1 .
Mirza reached the quarter-finals at Hobart as No. 6 seed .
He writes her several letters , but receives no reply .
In 1991 Smyslov won the inaugural World Senior Chess Championship .
Grignard reagents will react with a variety of carbonyl derivatives .
Boris dumped heavy rains on sections of the Mexican coast .
The next day , Boris degenerated into a remnant low .
Volcanoes are places where magma reaches the earth 's surface .
1 This match was played at Partizan Stadium in Belgrade .
On the football team , he played quarterback and safety .
The tent city can hold as many as 250 occupants .
Couples were urged to undergo sterilisation after their second child .
It was one of the top predators of its day .
Gadsden County is part of the Tallahassee Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Nearby stands Manoah 's altar ( Judges 13:19 -24 ) .
It is located between the cities of Zorah and Eshtaol .
The Nitrone-olefin cycloaddition is a ( 3 +2 ) cycloaddition .
He was the younger brother of film director Ridley Scott .
The young poet Guillaume Apollinaire even fell in love there .
The church grounds contain an outdoor crypt and an abbey .
Axes were always cheaper than swords and considerably more available .
Frederick William even tried to revoke the town 's privileges .
She used the dancer as a nude model for Venus .
In 1911 she performed in Le Martyre de Saint Sebastien .
He later supervised the creation of the Voyager Golden Record .
lnh , before finding their permanent home on rec.arts.com ics .
The only libraries with substantial holdings are all in England .
The Natural History Museum Library , South Kensington , London .
Below the lithosphere the upper mantle becomes notably more plastic .
Even full-scale computations have been achieved by semi-synthetic DNA computers .
The class of 1980 was inducted with 81 women midshipmen .
He is the 12th Imam according to Isma'ili Fatemi faith .
Surface tension is responsible for the shape of liquid droplets .
This same relationship exists in the diagram on the right .
The vertical component of must exactly cancel the force , .
In Arabic , the word literally means `` speech\/words '' .
It has an average density of 5 to 10 mg\/m3 .
Raines took up the harmonica at the age of 17 .
A bandleader is the leader of a band of musicians .
By 800 , some 30 small kingdoms existed in Norway .
The new company changed its name to Total in 2003 .
He is one of the authors of Armenian Soviet encyclopedia .
Soon after the loss the feud between the two ended .
With this new alliance , Abyss soon feuded with Raven .
This sent the Portuguese spice trade into a long decline .
She was the first woman ever selected for this position .
It began in the 1928 season with the Montreal Maroons .
It was later succeeded by the Wii game Excite Truck .
The color difference arises mainly from the whiteness of myelin .
She was known as Citoyenne Verite during the French Revolution .
The Secretary is a member of the President 's Cabinet .
His elder brother was Thomas Fremantle , 1st Baron Cottesloe .
Hume was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999 .
Now only fields and a forest can be found there .
His identical twin brother Daniel also plays for the Canucks .
Otto Gebuhr also played the King in many other films .
`` Frederician Rococo '' developed under Georg Wenzeslaus von Knobelsdorff .
( key ) ( Results in bold indicate pole position )
Ever since the second episode , `` Pokemon Emergency ! ''
The new base provided many jobs and spurred modest growth .
The work probably resulted from his liaison with Mary Parker .
Some are now being carefully restored with modern management methods .
There may also be another stone circle to the north .
The marriage ceremony took place at the Palace of Versailles .
The effect is sometimes called the `` Doppler-Fizeau effect '' .
In 1926 , he became the head of the department .
In the Norman language caux means lime , calcium carbonate .
An ARTiSIMPLE Studio production , `` Super , Girls ! ''
The French invaded Morocco in 1912 and established a protectorate .
Suppose Alice wishes to send a signed message to Bob .
The sea floor below the break is the continental slope .
One man near Lemon City was killed by falling timber .
The greeting for each day of Kwanzaa is Habari Gani ?
which is Swahili for `` What 's the News ? ''
They choose 1 room from 3 deserving rooms in need .
They are a small minority of the Arab Indonesian population .
The scene shifts to the square outside Marguerite 's house .
Football has been played at the current site since 1905 .
Team colors became black , gold , orange and white .
When Talleyrand moved there , he took Careme with him .
The title is now Lord of Mann regardless of gender .
The modification of Kowloon Tong Station started in June 2001 .
Electrons are able to jump from one band to another .
Campbell County , Tennessee , is named in his honor .
He returned to the Senate on October 10 , 1815 .
Bruckner made more minor revisions of this symphony in 1886-8 .
One species leaves its eggs over stones close to waterfalls .
Lautenberg formally announced his candidacy on March 31 , 2008 .
Blahyi is a member of the Sarpo tribe in Liberia .
Dalila vows to discover the secret of Samson 's strength .
Nijinsky 's silk elastic costume was designed by Leon Bakst .
He later wrote that the ballet was almost an improvisation .
Michel Fokine completed the dance in three or four rehearsals .
He thought it could easily take the place of Faune .
She holds a rose as a souvenir of the evening .
He steps to the floor and nears The Young Girl .
The Spirit of the Rose is seen at the window .
She picks up the rose she dropped and kisses it .
It looked like he would fly on for all time .
Every team has a stadium to host their home games .
Your stadium can not be solely made up of terraces .
Striker - Determines the accuracy and the force of kicks .
This new feature may benefit how you use your tactics .
Technique is highly valued in most positions on the field .
Ancestor is `` any person from whom one is descended .
Warm seas circulated throughout the world , including the poles .
In 1923 , his hybrid successfully grew and bore fruit .
Many beer drinkers rank Westvleteren 12 among their favorite beers .
Then they have a fashion show and show celebrity judges .
Gia earned $ 50 for a partial day 's work .
There are two subcategories of endemism - paleoendemism and neoendemism .
These occur mostly in the winter months ( June-August ) .
He became a non-commissioned officer in the rank of sergeant .
In 1990 , Scarbury found success again as a songwriter .
Cook grew up in Robertsdale , Alabama , near Mobile .
He mentored young musicians at the Dave Sobol Theatrical Agency .
In 1935 , he took a local course in mining .
Stover spent the majority of his career as a Raven .
That was Stover 's last field goal as a Raven .
He retired as the NFL 's fourth all-time leading scorer .
Locke did not return home until after the Glorious Revolution .
Emperor newts have enough toxin to kill approximately 7,500 mice .
Once cyclamates were banned , American producers turned to saccharin .
During the English Civil War St Neot was staunchly Royalist .
Richard Schickel of TIME found the film boring and cliche-ridden .
The town took many decades to recover from these disasters .
1 The Constructors World Championship did not exist before 1958 .
Bland challenged Lowe to a duel but Lowe avoided it .
This distinction is rarely made in languages other than English .
Kerberos protocol messages are protected against eavesdropping and replay attacks .
He played four games for Saskatoon in 1922-23 and retired .
With increased railroad traffic , it ceased operation around 1850 .
Saga 's reign spanned the years from 809 through 823 .
She was also interested in the old songs of folklore .
She arranged the marriage against the will of the Council .
Body size ranges from 3 to 10 cm in length .
Peace of mind is generally associated with bliss and happiness .
After graduating , she enrolled in the University of Kentucky .
Even as a centenarian , he continued to write books .
Ney also was implicated in helping to consummate the deal .
The latter three they consider to be their direct ancestors .
Parts of the cathedral remain uncompleted , including the cloisters .
The original Raw broke new ground in televised professional wrestling .
There were eight matches on for the event 's card .
Stresemann was not , however , in any sense pro-French .
There was in that sense a kind of uplifting grandeur .
He returned to business and founded the German-American Economic Association .
In 1906 he was elected to the Dresden town council .
It renounced the use of violence to resolve international conflicts .
He was exempted from war service due to poor health .
Super Mario Sunshine (  , Supa Mario Sanshain ? )
Since 2004 , Hechler has campaigned against mountaintop removal mining .
He was re-elected in 1988 , 1992 , and 1996 .
Masks were also used to collect data on racial differences .
Oliver Cromwell 's death mask is preserved at Warwick Castle .
It is the first movie in Pakistan to be X-rated .
Only in 1939 was Monument to Balzac cast in bronze .
Jersey City plans to use the house as a museum .
The River Doubs and the river Birs drain the lands .
`` Rock Me '' is a mid-tempo pop rock song .
Benoit won the match and was congratulated by Theodore Long .
Tram route 70 runs past Richmond station along Swan Street .
The entire recovery process is usually completed within four hours .
Additional tests of 150 pigs outside the area were negative .
Indian soldiers smuggled arms into India to fight British rule .
Brillat-Savarin is produced all year round in Burgundy and Normandy .
Cythnus was long known as a popular base for pirates .
He was the third child of James and Sally Mello .
Mello struggled during the first few years of grade school .
Griffith returned to rehab in 2000 for a painkiller addiction .
The embedded crushed limestone gives it a slightly mottled appearance .
Today , most of the terrazzo installed is epoxy terrazzo .
They have compact bodies with well defined and developed muscles .
The breed is noted for its good temper and speed .
Its orbit is far from the supposed orbit of Themis .
His Comparative Anatomy and Physiology of Vertebrates ( 3 vols .
In the second part of his career his reputation slipped .
Hannibal departed New Carthage in late spring of 218 BC .
Drooling or a very sick appearance indicate other medical conditions .
The aspens are among the most important boreal broadleaf trees .
The Belize District was the area first settled by Europeans .
Olmec art and concepts influenced surrounding cultures after their downfall .
It has a command line version and a GUI version .
Hicks said Symantec did not mind the competition from OneCare .
It can identify and remove both Windows and Mac viruses .
Norton Internet Security 2006 debuted on September 26 , 2005 .
The metropolitan state is the state that owns the colony .
The district is part of the historic region of Lusatia .
The navbox below links to the various policies and guidelines .
It also showcases the technology employed to reach such depths .
It was produced by Walden Media and Walt Disney Pictures .
She is best known for her first novel Rubyfruit Jungle .
In 1896 , winners ' medals were in fact silver .
It is said that their souls are together throughout time .
Photovoltaics convert light into electric current using the photovoltaic effect .
Homosociality , by definition , implies neither heterosexuality nor homosexuality .
These were the only Nazi concentration camps on British soil .
Their teeth are sharp and suited for impaling invertebrate prey .
Amalthea is the largest of the inner satellites of Jupiter .
Excretion is an essential process in all forms of life .
The Quran narrates the virgin birth of Jesus numerous times .
This was to symbolise her return with a fresh attitude .
Sun also returned to Singapore in a much-anticipated homecoming concert .
Riccardo Patrese went too late and was the big loser .
Then both Patrese and Boutsen went out with gearbox troubles .
At the second stops , Nannini got ahead of Prost .
The stratigraphy is not uniform throughout the region , however .
Chad has been divided since February 2008 into 22 regions .
Park Management is directed by the Kakadu Board of Management .
He also served as the sub-editor of The Daily Star .
He soon became known as the Wildman of the Loxahatchee .
Ramesh learns of the death of Mala and becomes sad .
Ramesh is proven innocent through the information in the diary .
However , with the help of his friends Ramesh escapes .
He instead promises to help Ramesh out of the situation .
For this reason Ramesh is detained in a police lock-up .
The bridge has not been subject to significant vibration since .
Young came to bat only once in his two-season career .
Reflection nebulae may also be the site of star formation .
Zinc reacts readily with acids , alkalis and other non-metals .
The bill , legs , and eyes are all black .
In the year 1933 Bad Aibling officially became a city .
Older implements were recycled and then iron substitutes were used .
Art Ross bitterly complained about the Stanley Cup final setup .
Type 2 : Multiply a row by a nonzero scalar .
Liberatori is also well known for dubbing over many actresses .
Changes in tissue morphology can be observed during this process .
There was also HQ located in North Ward , Townsville .
103 FCU was disbanded in Townsville on 21 January 1945 .
From about 2000 it was known as the Eneco tour .
Native Hawaiians used pili to thatch hale ( houses ) .
The Emancipation Proclamation broadened the goals of the Civil War .
Rip currents caused numerous swimmers to be rescued by lifeguards .
The sick were taken to a hastily erected quarantine camp .
Florida 's population increases by about 1,000 residents each day .
A free , ad-supported version of Where 's My Water ?
The Dresden University of Technology is organized into 14 faculties .
Wherever it appears it is often considered an invasive weed .
Many ballads were written and sold as single sheet broadsides .
They store these seeds in large hairy external cheek pouches .
This process of acquired immunity is the basis of vaccination .
These meetings serve as both a legislative and judicial body .
It starred Sean Connery , Nicolas Cage and Ed Harris .
D. J. Caruso ( Eagle Eye , Disturbia ) directed .
The film was released on Memorial Day weekend in 2001 .
The Chunnennuggee Ridge runs through the center of the county .
The state legislature meets in the state capital , Columbus .
However , it has a half-life of only 3.6 seconds .
It was played live during the Shoulders tour of 2000 .
Olga tracked over Hispaniola and emerged in the Caribbean Sea .
His most famous buildings are found in and around Berlin .
Sauces may be used for savory dishes or for desserts .
Sauces in French cuisine date back to the Middle Ages .
A cook who specializes in making sauces is a saucier .
Cullen 's family came from New Ross in County Wexford .
Capsicum fruits and peppers can be eaten raw or cooked .
The ghetto 's remaining inhabitants were transferred to another camp .
The Garda Commissioner accused the television program of lacking balance .
Over 2000 complaints were made against the organization in 2009 .
She was buried at Turin Cathedral where she rests today .
Monticello is a racially diverse town ( see Demographics ) .
Skinner scored 28 points in 73 games for the Monsters .
A synonymous phrase is `` altered state of awareness '' .
The secretary is a member of the President 's Cabinet .
This was discovered in December 2007 , 31 years later .
She was the 16th woman to hold the top spot .
Her career win-loss percentage was 81.01 % ( 704-165 ) .
Lewicki would end up third in voting for the Calder .
Lewicki would return to the Columbus Juniors the following season .
Two styles of plane are shown with some parts labeled .
Hand planes are ancient , originating thousands of years ago .
Kokoschka 's first commissions were postcards and drawings for children .
On 4 May , the 32nd Army launched another counteroffensive .
`` Unpretty '' was the second single released from FanMail .
Prior to that age , he played basketball and handball .
The bone business turned into a safari business in 1961 .
Leakey was diagnosed with a terminal kidney disease in 1969 .
, later used as the title of his 1965 autobiography .
Nettie Stevens independently made the same discovery the same year .
Another gameplay feature added is the `` bound '' system .
The capital of the district is the city of Batticaloa .
The make-up was by Hammer horror veteran artist Roy Ashton .
Each of these variants can bind to a different antigen .
The sentences were handed down on April 13 , 1949 .
Their only daughter , Violante , was born in 1947 .
In Pseudolus , Jupiter is compared to Ballio the pimp .
Tolliver argues that drama both reflects and foreshadows social change .
This group has a ring distribution around the northern hemisphere .
There have been four spin-offs of the Bad Girls Club .
Madison County led Alabama in cotton production during this time .
There are two theories of why leopard geckos do this .
Two years later , in 1979 , she divorced Hearn .
The mountain forms part of the Table Mountain National Park .
This caused the evacuation of 8,200 people in the region .
In adjacent Sorsogon , 170 families had already been evacuated .
PAGASA forecast more rain until 6 January in these areas .
Wassily Kandinsky and Kazimir Malevich were both influenced by him .
Jean-Charles Darmon is a French literary critic born in 1961 .
It is the administrative center for the Highland Council area .
There is a scene in which two men are talking .
Linkin Park released Hybrid Theory on October 24 , 2000 .
The band charted in numerous Billboard Year-End charts in 2011 .
\* Also reached # 106 on the Billboard Pop chart .
He played his final game on September 24 , 1998 .
Smith also pitched 4 shutouts throughout his major league career .
All songs written by Chris Cornell , except where noted :
Nightvision goggles allow players to see enemies in the dark .
Manoyan attended and finished Concordia University in Montreal , Canada .
The Church and King both had mixed reactions to communes .
Biohazard sensors were triggered at six locations surrounding the Mall .
They sent ten competitors , eight male and two female .
In 2006 , the metropolitan area population was 450,254 inhabitants .
Biaystok is the largest concentration of Orthodox believers in Poland .
The song has received positive critical reviews upon its release .
Sarria worked at several more Fairs before retiring in 1974 .
came from the writing and conceptualization of this creative team .
Sachs called the high-concept pitch `` Green Against Brick '' .
The orchestra in turn retaliates with menacing trumpet blasts . ''
Event Horizon is a 1997 American science fiction horror film .
It comes in many colors , both solid and patterned .
Flannel is a soft woven fabric , of various fineness .
General elections are held at least once every three years .
The most recent general election was on 7 September 2013 .
Konin had five wives and seven Imperial sons and daughters .
This was illustrated with the Penrose triangle and Penrose stairs .
The last Kanotix release based on Debian Sid was 2006-01-RC4 .
In 2008 it reopened after a # 20 million refurbishment .
After his time as a model , Sanchez started acting .
In the theater , Sanchez acted in Fool for Love .
Sanchez was born on November 19 , 1974 in Madrid .
Both types of ball sets are permitted in tournament play .
Did the author ever visit them , I wonder . ''
For more than thirty years no one had inhabited it .
John Finnie Street is named after one of the family .
Many locations around the world chose to install BMK carpets .
Subsequently , Belfort was chosen to take Machida 's place .
The opus numbers of his compositions rise to almost 450 .
In 1999 , he was named interior minister of Nagorno-Karabakh .
All songs were written by Coverdale and guitarist Micky Moody .
In 1982 , according to British heavy metal magazine Kerrang !
The city has the largest regional hospital in western Newfoundland .
The Park is also famous for its richness in birds .
Some men wear T-shirts underneath partly or fully unbuttoned shirts .
That area contains all such and only such living creatures .
Names are contributed by members of the ESCAP\/WMO Typhoon Committee .
They set an annual fee of two shillings and sixpence .
Stanton himself provided the voice of Crush the sea turtle .
The African beliefs and practices certainly influenced Cuba 's music .
Lee Fogolin coached 1 season in the WHL in 1957 .
These comments were soon deleted as they were considered off-topic .
Slovene was one of the official languages of the federation .
Beryl produced rough seas along the northeast United States coastline .
Donkey Kong Country 3 : Dixie Kong 's Double Trouble !
They have two daughters , born in 2001 and 2002 .
Caches and pipelines were a perfect match for each other .
The results are then collected and re-ordered at the end .
This was the longest known non-stop flight of any bird .
The Super Guppy and the Mini Guppy had turboprop engines .
The northern Maya were for a time united under Mayapan .
The park remains fairly inaccessible by road to this day .
These are smaller than the original volumes due to erosion .
Frozen pot pies are often sold in individual serving size .
His maternal uncle was Alfred Nss , the Norwegian speedskater .
Keselowski began competing in the Busch Series full-time in 2007 .
RPM stood for `` Records , Promotion , Music '' .
From 2001 to 2004 Yulia was married to Dmitry Lanskoy .
Woods was deeply involved in the affairs of the town .
He was a member of many local clubs and societies .
John Joseph Woods was a New Zealand teacher and songwriter .
Born in Moscow , Kandinsky spent his childhood in Odessa .
He received oxygen , recovered , and won the Tour .
It carried knights in battles , tournaments , and jousts .
Source : `` NHL.com - Players : Reg Noble '' .
It is owned and run by the Derby City Council .
It is also the location of mineral water producer Spa .
Botvinnik wrote that he did not make this mistake again .
The Beetons left Hatch End in the autumn of 1861 .
Frank Lloyd Wright was born at Richland Center in 1867 .
The flesh is pale cream or brown with white marbling .
He graduated from Redlands High School in Redlands , California .
Sakato 's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor .
The Cheboksary-Yadrin highway crosses the territory of the rural settlement .
Rural settlement 's population : 1,081 ( 2006 est. ) .
It is located in the central part of the district .
Aurornis was described from a sedimentary rock fossil in 2013 .
The game was finally canceled due to wartime travel restrictions .
Great Britain is the largest island of the United Kingdom .
Two prominent murine human commensals have become vital laboratory animals .
They have been assigned a new subfamily status , Deomyinae .
They are the only terrestrial placental mammals native to Australia .
They spread to Europe through the Muslim conquest of Spain .
It is not known when the county seat was moved .
The average pH has generally ranged between 7 and 8 .
Homo sapiens reached the region by around 45,000 years ago .
Mahakala also had very short forelimbs compared to other Dromaeosaurids .
The notion of modern art is closely related to Modernism .
They are often attracted by the dung burrowing owls collect .
Dung beetles can roll up to 10 times their weight .
He published over three hundred articles in his research areas .
Margherita 's other siblings died in childhood or early adulthood .
It is a Windows service which runs as `` vsmon .
This monitors internet traffic and generates alerts for disallowed access .
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle is also in annalistic , year-by-year form .
Baleen whales have two blowholes , causing a V-shaped blow .
Brown arrived in Harpers Ferry on July 3 , 1859 .
After his football career he became a successful international referee .
I 'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here !
Carpentier was jailed and exiled for his leftist political philosophies .
Black cardamom is sometimes used in garam masala for curries .
He had a short stay in Basel ( 1542-1546 ) .
He married Kathelijne De Bruyn ( e ) in 1539 .
The Ross Sea was discovered by James Ross in 1841 .
The southern part is covered by the Ross Ice Shelf .
The state government employs more than 4,000 in the city .
Mana is a Mexican rock band from Guadalajara , Jalisco .
Like other caecilians , they superficially resemble worms or snakes .
He composed the music for the 1974 Swedish film Dunderklumpen !
This program is focused on distributing small loans to beggars .
Important battles were fought at Ticonderoga in 1758 and 1775 .
Wesleyan was founded as an all-male Methodist college in 1831 .
Unable to speak , he strikes Claggart , killing him .
is an American television game show created by Merv Griffin .
There may , or may not , be sex chromosomes .
LionsXII began their campaign by defeating ATM FA 1-0 away .
They grow in tight abundant amounts of bright red berries .
This was counter to the Maoist idea of world revolution .
The plants and animals of the Miocene were fairly modern .
Pickett , Inc. was given exclusive rights to the scale .
The illustration below demonstrates the computation of 5.5 \/ 2 .
The collective language codes in ISO 639-2 are listed below .
At the time the structure was named the Albany Bridge .
When the bridge opened , the Albany-Corvallis Highway was completed .
tools : ~ dispenser\/view\/Reflinks This page is a soft redirect .
It contained five original compositions as well as five covers .
The series was produced by Endemol USA and Insight Productions .
The Shaggs disbanded in 1975 after the death of Austin .
Two people were killed and 25 more injured in Tushka .
It was there at a party that she met Napoleon .
When she was 14 , the scar tissue was removed .
He wrote many dialogues of which only fragments have survived .
A tropical disturbance became a tropical depression on September 18 .
The Beatles and The Rolling Stones were most commonly featured .
Barnard 's Star has the variable star designation V2500 Ophiuchi .
His technical innovations and enormous influence left a lasting legacy .
The flowers are small , greenish-white , with four petals .
Then the leaves and sometimes the twigs are broken up .
The first ear of the fair was for Alfredo Leal .
Birds normally achieve thrust during flight by flapping their wings .
King was given a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1987 .
It began to regularly visit New Zealand in the 1960s .
It is now commonly seen as far west as California .
The land area of the region is 15,875 km  .
The region is dominated by the native speakers of Cebuano .
The Port of Cebu is the region 's main gateway .
Ormonde was buried in Westminster Abbey on 1 August 1688 .
Sociology places some explanatory weight on the concept of role-behavior .
Pencarrow Lighthouse was the first permanent lighthouse in New Zealand .
Disrotatory means opposite directions while conrotatory means the same direction .
The effect on k-1 will be larger than on k1 .
The scheme below shows the difference between the two products .
The program was hosted by John Seibel and Steve Phillips .
The main center of population is the city of Oxford .
His book is the standard reference work for antique silver .
Exceptions include Chopin 's Polonaise-Fantaisie in A-flat major , Op .
The park of the castle is very famous , too .
Evidence of acute rheumatic fever would exclude a PANS classification .
A more figurative style is apparent in his later work .
Cassius , however , was defeated and overrun by Antony .
Brutus was successful against Octavian , and took his camp .
He then proceeded to harass ships off the Italian coast .
A year later , in 1597 , his mother died .
It was mainly filmed aboard the Leander-class frigate HMS Phoebe .
His first collection of short stories was printed in 2007 .
The winner was 19-year-old Ann Ward from Dallas , Texas .
There are no medicine-men : the women are the doctors .
For dandy they wear a goat-skin slung over the shoulders .
Women eat apart and only after the men have finished .
A man 's property is divided equally among his children .
The West Stand has a total seating capacity of 4,752 .
Bruce Clarke is the current director of the Education Division .
She carried the scars for the rest of her life .
Boulmerka has returned to Algeria and is now a businesswoman .
A month later , she competed at the World Championships .
In 2006 the city was appointed Ibero-American Capital of Culture .
Incubi are sometimes said to be able to conceive children .
Victims may have been experiencing waking dreams or sleep paralysis .
Ghost frogs live in swift-moving mountain streams in South Africa .
The film was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival .
It appeared during the Eoarchean around 3.8 billion years ago .
It took them twenty days to get get to Arica .
Fortunately , the Sheik and his men reach her first .
He was replaced by former Rainbow vocalist Ronnie James Dio .
The game is played under the rules of Twenty20 cricket .
The Bundesliga is the highest national league-club competition in Austria .
Most of the known network was complete by 180 AD .
These are generated or enhanced by the African Easterly Jet .
Tropical cyclones can sometimes degenerate back into a tropical wave .
This normally occurs if upper-level wind shear is too strong .
He passed his SSC in 1993 and HSC in 1995 .
In 1932 , they bought Blue Bonnets Raceway in Montreal .
He had resigned from the shoe factory ten days previously .
Pasco County is sometimes considered part of the Sun Coast .
Its forearms were folded , like those of a bird .
Mallon had a pretty shrewd idea of who was involved .
He has also been criticized for his arrogance and stubbornness .
The storm is known as the Gulf to Bermuda Hurricane .
It moved northeastward , entraining cold air into its circulation .
A major hurricane moved northward through the Gulf of Mexico .
On August 2 , a tropical storm hit Northeastern Florida .
It slowly moved through the area , causing 70 deaths .
The cyclone moved across the Florida Keys on September 4 .
It was released on VHS and DVD by Fox Video .
My Neighbor Totoro (  , Tonari no Totoro ? )
A tray is a shallow platform designed for carrying things .
Mollet was supported by the left wing of the party .
In 1919 the anti-war socialists were heavily defeated in elections .
He proposed an `` ideological dialogue '' with the Communists .
It was the first episode directed by Steven Dean Moore .
It is notable for being the most species-rich dinosaur genus .
It was announced by Ubisoft on November 20 , 2007 .
The basaltic Monaro Range separates the Snowy and Murrumbidgee drainages .
Of Gondwanan origin , tinamous are related to the ratites .
The Journal of Computational Chemistry was first published in 1980 .
The hand points at a scale indicating the electric current .
Each quadrant is graduated from 0  to 90  .
Between hutches , the beam travels in a transport tube .
Forest has a high school , North Lambton Secondary School .
Further , its DNA shows substantial similarity to bacterial genomes .
Clarke Prep School provides education for grades K through 12 .
Zabel went on to win two stages in the race .
In 2005 a film titled Hell on Wheels was released .
The team 's new name was `` Team Columbia-HTC . ''
From 2004 , the team changed its name to T-Mobile .
The term roughly corresponds to the older basic rock class .
This is the final stage in the viral life cycle .
Mudrocks are a class of fine grained siliciclastic sedimentary rocks .
The first county seat was Clarkesville , founded in 1820 .
As of the 2010 census , its population was 451,225 .
He was an instructor at the Academie Julian in Paris .
After this point , the loop is not heard again .
Telefunken was later bought by the French electronics manufacturer Thomson .
In 1944 , Heinrich Himmler ordered Leopold deported to Germany .
He began teaching poetry at Southern Oregon University in 1966 .
It is the oldest bridge still in use in Australia .
It is the capital city of the province of Lucca .
For almost 500 years , Lucca remained an independent republic .
At the age of six she saw her father drown .
The total area of the district is 1,368 square kilometers .
In mid-2010 she began acting as the valet for R-Truth .
Eve then moved into a feud with Layla in mid-2009 .
They lived in the Van Nest section of the Bronx .
Hamilton first tested for McLaren in late 2004 at Silverstone .
He became a naturalized citizen of the U.S. in 1940 .
All these civilians ' remains were burned to ashes . ''
He was educated at the Royal Naval School in Greenwich .
The U.S. Bank Tower in Los Angeles is an example .
The parable of the Unjust Judge has a similar meaning .
Tendrak Lingpa 's lineage is known as the Nyo lineage .
He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences .
Rural settlement 's population : 2,289 ( 2006 est. ) .
The Alikovo-Shumshevashi highway crosses the territory of the rural settlement .
It is located in the central part of the district .
until then champion Brock Lesnar took the title to SmackDown !
Austin approached the downed referee to try to revive him .
In addition , Scott Steiner was recovering from an injury .
Shane McMahon , on the July 26 edition of SmackDown !
Selena 's vocal range in the song spans two octaves .
After two years with KDKA , Garroway left for Chicago .
The book was revised and reissued in 1962 and 1964 .
This marked the first live television broadcast of a hurricane .
The mechanisms of increased absorption are both physical and chemical .
In 1982 Black was awarded the Wolf Prize in Medicine .
Rattle was named music director of the CBSO in 1990 .
Sheep were kept for wool , and textiles were woven .
Austin 's eventual counter was stopped by a rope break .
Argov was not killed , but he was critically injured .
Maria was born at the Ribeira Royal Palace in Lisbon .
They were , however , repeatedly subjected to severe persecution .
Graphite had to be smuggled out for use in pencils .
During the 1980s many of the industries left Aarau completely .
It is therefore the first capital of a unified Switzerland .
On 20 September , the capital was moved to Lucerne .
For many years it was owned by John Hay Whitney .
The first actor cast was AnnaSophia Robb as Leslie Burke .
This system of ocean currents forms the North Atlantic Gyre .
They represented divinities as well as subjects from contemporary life .
Because of this , only the smaller objects still exist .
They will also feed on carrion when it is available .
To this time Ibbenburen belonged to the Diocese of Osnabruck .
Coats of arms shows a golden anchor on blue reason .
In 2006 , a Marlboro-sponsored car won the Indianapolis 500 .
The study of history changed during the Enlightenment and Romanticism .
It was the largest known debris avalanche in recorded history .
He was also Honorary Police Commissioner of New York City .
Makano in Panama means `` strong like a tree '' .
Boundaries were altered to avoid parishes being split between counties .
Other features include InPrivate privacy features and the SmartScreen Filter .
Windows Internet Explorer 9 was released on 14 March 2011 .
Windows Internet Explorer 8 was released on 19 March 2009 .
He began writing when he was in the first grade .
In 2007 , he was inducted as a Disney Legend .
Familiar examples include a swinging pendulum and alternating current power .
It gives out various awards and sponsorships to promising mathematicians .
Modern tracks are made of concrete , coated with ice .
The fauna of Connecticut comprise a variety of animal species .
These manuscripts generally date between 150 BCE to 70 CE .
The first bridge across the river was built in 1230 .
In 2008 , Manuel Pino received the Nuclear-Free Future Award .
In early 1994 , he sold Ligier to Flavio Briatore .
In May 1917 the Nationalists won a huge electoral victory .
The Nationalist Party of Australia was an Australian political party .
Broom was first known for his study of mammal-like reptiles .
The ASALA 's eight point manifesto was published in 1981 .
Barclaycard became the Prize 's current sponsor in March 2009 .
The Snowy River is a major river in south-eastern Australia .
In 2009 the track hosted its first Superleague Formula event .
In Book 2 , both movements are in D-sharp minor .
In January 1977 it was designated an international biosphere reserve .
In 2011-12 , the theme is `` Artistic Practice '' .
In collaboration with local organizations , GRI published Cultural Inheritance\/L .
Scene 1 : A hall in the Temple of Justice .
A second moon followed within the first month of observation .
The right to seek justice in a court of law .
In 1875 , Crawford appeared on the 50 cent bill .
Interstate 81 enters the state of New York near Binghamton .
They tried to recruit the most famous poets and artisans .
It is currently being prepared and was described in 2007 .
In Autumn 1558 , Calvin became ill with a fever .
Outside Sunderland doubt has been raised about Crawford 's heroics .
The collection includes a portrait of Freud by Salvador Dali .
A musician who plays the oboe is called an oboist .
King Henry I attended as did many bishops and nobles .
The tomb of Saint Amphibalus is also in the cathedral .
Among those influencing Kupala in the 1910s was Maxim Gorky .
Kupala left St. Petersburg and returned to Vilnius in 1913 .
Godiva was the wife of Leofric , Earl of Mercia .
Jin grew up in the chaos of early communist China .
Rakaposhi means `` Snow Covered '' in the local language .
Ross died peacefully in his sleep at approximately 4 am .
In total he has scored 14 points in Formula One .
The practice can arise from religious prohibitions and practical considerations .
The Park is spread over approx 29 square kilometer area .
Vitamin C is produced from glucose by two main routes .
An important reaction for conjugated dienes is the Diels-Alder reaction .
A lucid dream can begin in one of many ways .
In 1860 Arezzo became part of the Kingdom of Italy .
In 1252 the city founded its university , the Studium .
The Sundance Sea was rich in many types of animals .
The show was produced by Ruby-Spears Productions for Warner Bros. .
In the acronym P-A-K-I-S-T-A-N , the P is for PUNJAB .
Indian Sikh pilgrims visit holy sites such as Nankana Sahib .
It is the largest science museum in the Western Hemisphere .
He died five months later on November 18 , 1994 .
The open assembly ( Landsgemeinde ) was abolished in 1997 .
She began performing in the Kansai reggae scene in 1995 .
The main road from Melbourne northward is the Hume Highway .
He performed the song at the 2012 Billboard Music Award .
She is also credited with inventing the first silk loom .
The black larva is banded with white and yellow stripes .
A third perspective is chemical education research ( CER ) .
Cuttlefish ink was formerly an important dye , called sepia .
Corydon was sacked in retaliation for Union looting in Kentucky .
The Union troops were quickly defeated and the town surrendered .
She has appeared on several daytime dramas since the mid-1970s .
McCartney wrote and sang the verse and Lennon the chorus .
Puffinus is a genus of seabirds in the order Procellariiformes .
The first to receive this title was Otomo no Otomaro .
The American College of Osteopathic Internists recognizes the following subspecialties :
The train station is located just north of downtown Brantford .
The yawn reflex has long been observed to be contagious .
Yawning may be an offshoot of the same imitative impulse .
Its leg bones were dense and massive for a prosauropod .
The per capita income for the city was $ 10,564 .
There is no universally accepted definition of a hot spring .
His son William , aged about eight , succeeded him .
They then decided to re-inter Robert 's body in Italy .
Trial and error is a fundamental method of solving problems .
This was the only Nazi concentration camp on British soil .
The population were unable to start returning until December 1945 .
Mason was the youngest state governor in United States history .
The mechanisms that conserve it are types of balancing selection .
Categories for short works and artists were added in 1980 .
The Reichert-Verlag is the publishing house of the scientific editions .
The capital of the district is the city of Vavuniya .
In Japanese , chopsticks are called hashi (  ) .
He graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1907 .
They surround the teeth and provide a seal around them .
It weighs approximately 7 kg ( about 15 lb ) .
Other phyla are included on the basis of molecular data .
They defeated the Detroit Red Wings four games to none .
The book focuses on twenty cases investigated by the author .
He was buried at the Basilica of Superga in Turin .
This move freed him to focus fully on experimental work .
It opened the way to the Allied invasion of Italy .
Most of the latter were shown in international film festivals .
A few years later , Rachel had a second daughter .
Ballistic coefficient has units of lb\/in  or kg\/m  .
There were but six 80 mm mortars for each regiment .
This new position was called the New Holland Water Line .
Yomei had three Empresses and seven Imperial sons and daughters .
From 2002 they have been known as British Overseas Territories .
Eratosthenes calculated the circumference of the Earth without leaving Egypt .
He rebelled against the Liberal Party line on some issues .
He served as congressman in 1984 and again in 1998 .
Numerous physiological adaptations aid the lifestyle of the short-beaked echidna .
Many boats were also lost as a result of Jose .
They then called her son Gerald Rudolff Ford , Jr. .
Hayes is an inmate of the Connecticut Department of Correction .
Many East Asian scripts can be written horizontally or vertically .
Puerto Rican athletes have won a total of eight medals .
Some definitions now include acts of unlawful violence and war .
Some varieties show a flavor intermediate between oregano and marjoram .
In 1890 it became a part of the Smithsonian Institution .
The unit was operational from March to June in 1919 .
The Alikovo-Tautovo highway crosses the territory of the rural settlement .
Rural settlement 's population : 900 ( 2006 est. ) .
It is located in the central part of the district .
His time was 4 seconds slower than his personal best .
He lost his vision when he was 17 years old .
The hadrosaurid sense of hearing also appears to be strong .
Passenger train service between Baltimore and Washington began in 1835 .
The valley of the River Lynher runs through the parish .
This gave the movement its first designation as Art Nouveau .
In June 1918 , the region came under Ottoman occupation .
In 1829 a permanent post office was opened in Suwaki .
Modern industries include metal working , chemicals and carpet manufacturing .
Tropical Depression Five-E formed south of Mexico on July 26 .
He also wrote frankly about his battles with cocaine addiction .
They are among the most recently discovered groups of Metazoans .
His best-known composition is the 1972 choral work African Sanctus .
This is the character 's final appearance in the program .
A new depot was built on Whitegate Drive in Marton .
Ravel encouraged her to enter the Prix de Rome Competition .
HGNC advocates the appendices _ v1 , _ v2 , .
The Mid-Atlantic Ridge is the third most prominent earthquake belt .
Cordoba is the hottest provincial capital , followed by Seville .
In 1896 , the first dry cell battery was invented .
The wife of the Dauphin was known as la Dauphine .
It is a spiral galaxy in the Coma Berenices constellation .
Its name is Earthlings : Ugly Bags of Mostly Water .
The KLI was founded in 1992 in Flourtown , Pennsylvania .
In 1549 , Pope Paul III made Medici a cardinal .
He was not closely related to the Medicis of Florence .
Monteith began his acting career in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Not long afterwards the Hunza Raja , attacked Gilgit territory .
Orchestration chores were divided between Conrad Salinger and Skip Martin .
Flaccid penis length is a poor estimate of erect length .
One day he asks if she had any such experience .
They use obscene language and they kiss each other online .
Rhenock has about 130 years ' long history of education .
Whether the gardens did exist is a matter of dispute .
Seoul ' most popular football club is the FC Seoul .
His large collection of fossils was placed in Owens College .
The system was designated a subtropical storm on October 26 .
Many thousands of young women went to work in factories .
Some jobs like teaching were only done by unmarried women .
Haeckel formulated his theory as `` Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny '' .
In 1967 , Sturtevant received the National Medal of Science .
It holds the Rubenid Dynasty 's branch of the shield .
It holds the Artaxiad Dynasty 's branch of the shield .
In 1937 , a new coat of arms was adopted .
It provided new information on many points of the anatomy .
This is often supplemented by frogs , crayfish and crabs .
The western part of modern Belarus remained part of Poland .
It is listed on Appendix I and II of CITES .
They feed on slow-moving invertebrates , such as polychaete worms .
It also contains the earliest recipe in print for mille-feuille .
In the following 125 years , the legend has grown .
This was inspired by the Jerilderie letter drafted by Byrne .
Artificial horizontal gene transfer is a form of genetic engineering .
In the 1980s a reconstruction of the historic center began .
One remarkable aspect of Eta Carinae is its changing brightness .
It is a service center for the surrounding agricultural district .
In 1827 he was appointed to the Indian Civil Service .
His ultimate goal was to become Chief of Naval Operations .
Since 2013 he works together with the producer Thomas Raber .
The network focuses on supporting peer-directed and open source projects .
However , the textualis was rarely used for typefaces afterwards .
It continued to be used occasionally until the 20th century .
He is currently living in retirement in Concord , Massachusetts .
Medieval Times has its theme of `` Medieval Europe '' .
The name Paraves was coined by Paul Sereno in 1997 .
In South Dakota , Deborah discovers she is African American .
The population in the 2010 United States Census was 19,559 .
Eleutherodactylus is a genus of frogs in the Eleutherodactylidae family .
In bivalves it is usually part of the feeding structure .
The mantle cavity is a central feature of molluscan biology .
Average annual rainfall is 55.9 inches ( 1,420 mm ) .
There are two main subgroups , the euglenids and kinetoplastids .
The group is characterized by the ultrastructure of the flagella .
Worked as a botanist and as an advisor to farmers .
A statue was erected to Muller in Blumenau in 1929 .
Dismissed by refusing order to live in Rio de Janeiro .
In 1969 , he was awarded Harvard 's Ledlie Prize .
Weston invented and patented the saturated cadmium cell in 1893 .
Ezra is seen as a new Moses in this book .
brand and Ric Flair in control of the Raw brand .
Both of them also worked together at a drug store .
He was pretty good at picking them , too . ''
They are able to learn scores of words and phrases .
One of the common features in Boohbah is the Boohball .
The extensive fracture network produced the distinctive columns seen today .
The most famous include SS Stella , wrecked in 1899 .
It is the traditional award for members of the FCO .
The badge is depicted suspended from the collar or circlet .
People are appointed to the Order rather than awarded it .
Other conditions that look similar include pseudogout and rheumatoid arthritis .
There is no inflammation of the tube in ectopic pregnancy .
The facilities include a kart circuit named after Ayrton Senna .
Svoboda wrote scores for almost 90 films and TV series .
He wrote music for many TV series in the 1970s .
Wagner was born in Penzing , a district in Vienna .
In 1728 he was sent to the Hague as ambassador .
Tiger moths also emit clicks which foil bats ' echolocation .
Schwarzkopf showed an interest in music from an early age .
Activity levels of diapausing stages can vary considerably among species .
The Minister for Finance has overall responsibility for the organization .
In Ohio and Virginia , the route is signed east-west .
Wasp sailed south from New York on 22 June 1822 .
Ligaments connect bones to other bones to form a joint .
The city is the administrative and economic center of Mauritania .
Shalit 's children include the artist and entrepreneur Willa Shalit .
At least 77 people were killed and 26 were injured .
The band wrote more than 20 songs for the album .
The band also released the breakthrough single `` Yellow '' .
X&Y was released in June 2005 in UK and Europe .
Her Majesty 's Revenue and Customs administers the taxation system .
All four limbs were supported by pads behind the toes .
He committed suicide in 1940 at 37 years of age .
Most are around 1.2 m ( 4 ft ) long .
Flamsteed accurately calculated the solar eclipses of 1666 and 1668 .
Radio Belgrade Revue Orchestra had many successful tours and concerts .
In 1960 he became a member of Serbian Composers Association .
At the Light Music Festivals Mihailo appeared as a conductor .
Anxious to learn and progress further in music in 1946 .
Russian explorations of the area started in the 17th century .
They were then settled by Yakuts and later by Russians .
BEE TRAIN Production Inc. (  , Biitorein Kabushikigaisha ? )
Of the 53 stations served , 25 are below ground .
These values included her refusal to play poker on Sundays .
At the trial , she claimed self-defense and was acquitted .
Actors of all nationalities are eligible to receive the award .
The competition included several disciplines from the ancient Greek Olympics .
This trust was used to help finance the 1896 Games .
Direct measurement was the only way to solve the problem .
Two-thirds of the sea is covered in ice in winter .
And it sometimes uses sticks as probes to explore openings .
Even neighboring troops can show significant differences in their diets .
Alternatively , it may be a form of scent marking .
The white-headed capuchin sometimes interacts with other sympatric monkey species .
The diet can vary between the rainy and dry season .
Female-female dyads groom far more than male-female and male-male dyads .
Since 1983 the world top coal producer has been China .
The Bass Highway is a highway in Tasmania , Australia .
The siamang is the only species in the genus Symphalangus .
After 17 games , Karpov had an imposing 4-1 lead .
Immersing flowers in glycerol or polyethylene glycol also lengthens lifespan .
It comprises a number of bristles radiating around the florets .
Winston Kelley is the NASCAR Hall of Fame Executive Director .
The original Hardy Boys Mystery Stories series ended in 2005 .
The Hardy Boys are fictional teenage brothers and amateur detectives .
The third tunnel was discovered on October 17 , 1978 .
The second tunnel was discovered on March 19 , 1975 .
A narrow gauge railway with carts had also been installed .
Switched point-to-point topologies are the basic model of conventional telephony .
Rural settlement 's population : 1,279 ( 2006 est. ) .
The Cheboksary-Yadrin highway crosses the territory of the rural settlement .
It is located in the central part of the district .
In 1851 , he graduated from Yale University with honors .
In 1869 , the 17-year-old Emperor Meiji moved to Edo .
The band 's next album was to be its breakthrough .
Otani 's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor .
Inert atmosphere techniques and low temperatures minimize these side reactions .
The question of how to preserve Oldland Mill was raised .
The lack of flying vertebrates could have been another factor .
There were numerous new provinces created on 1 July 1973 .
They kill or debilitate their host and are relatively host-specific .
Reard could not find a model to wear his design .
Heim was working on a new kind of beach costume .
Sunset Boulevard has two outdoor amphitheaters for live stage shows .
The open-air Hollywood Hills Amphitheater is the home of Fantasmic !
Added in 2005 , the Lights , Motors , Action !
Landis turned professional in 1999 with the Mercury Cycling Team .
Cruithne is in a normal elliptic orbit around the Sun .
It sets on the eastern bank of the Red River .
It is a subsidiary of eBay launched in March 2005 .
They feed largely on seeds , but also take berries .
They are popular in music education , especially in Asia .
Many different cultivars have been produced , particularly of muskmelons .
Lycopene treats and prevents cancer by trapping free-radicals in cells .
Now he is coach of Austrias U 16 national team .
Energy demand is expected to rise , but not indefinitely .
Tarbosaurus lived in a humid floodplain criss-crossed by river channels .
They had a daughter , Astrid Young , in 1962 .
The term may also be applied to other granular materials .
Mr. Vincent and Sir Philip both wish to marry her .
The event has been described as Europe 's last battlefield .
In 2010 it was planned for a working title Jump .
It adds two new channels to current Dolby Digital 5.1 .
All music composed by Henry Jackman ( except 1-6 ) .
It is one of the earliest known genera of dinosaur .
B2 is a Paralympic disability sport classification for blind sport .
325 AD ) as `` a not inconsiderable error '' .
Lilly was previously married to Canadian hockey player Murray Hone .
Elliot also disguises himself as Boog 's female human owner .
Suddenly , the Sutton Place telephone bills began to soar .
In 1967 the billionaire merged these holdings into Getty Oil .
Others were artisans or workmen engaged in renovation and refurbishing .
The town of Fiscardo on Kefalonia is named after him .
After using a Djinni , it goes into Standby mode .
For these features , an external USB drive is required .
It was created by American sculptor Lorado Taft in 1909 .
Around 1500 many people in Nidwalden worked as mercenary soldiers .
This helped to lessen the pressure of a growing population .
The open assembly ( Landsgemeinde ) was abolished in 1997 .
South of the parkway , the neighborhoods are mostly black .
World Champion Bobby Fischer thought that was almost definitely so .
e4 , and 56.1 % in 296,200 games beginning 1 .
Both Susana and Paulina now live in Miami , Florida .
( key ) ( results in bold indicate pole position )
The work required the Connallys to relocate to Fort Worth .
The gods play no active role in Thucydides ' work .
The Korean War broke out on June 25 , 1950 .
Polls in July saw them as high as 12 % .
As a theropod , Carnotaurus was highly specialized and distinctive .
That , very often , is what people want . ''
His mother , Mechthild McAllister , is a music teacher .
Finn and Jake live in the post-apocalyptic Land of Ooo .
This figure is a national record for a league game .
Sale of sport-obtained abalone is illegal , including the shell .
Between the layers of tiles is a clingy protein substance .
The departments all report directly to the Council of Ministers .
The band 's second world tour began in January 2001 .
Messiaen used modes which he called modes of limited transposition .
If the IBAN is valid , the remainder equals 1 .
Type II Cepheids are divided into several subgroups by period .
It is plain brown above except for the reddish tail .
The event was broadcast live on FUEL TV and FX .
At Columbia , Rodgers joined the Pi Lambda Phi fraternity .
Upon becoming minister , Mujica resigned his position as senator .
A hurricane watch as released for Martinique on September 14 .
Throughout the night , several watches and warnings were discontinued .
Below is a list of the 23 states of Venezuela .
Infected cells form crown gall or root tumors , respectively .
The genetic information transferred is often beneficial to the recipient .
The prototypical conjugative plasmid is the F-plasmid , or F-factor .
Living organisms obey the same physical laws as inanimate objects .
com and also cmidi.com for others to download for free .
Daboia is a monotypic genus of venomous Old World viper .
He named the highest peaks Mount Harris and Mount Carruthers .
George Balabushka died in 1975 at the age of 62 .
IZArc is also available as a portable application called IZArc2Go .
They met again in 1949 , and again in 1953 .
Some hydraulic fractures form naturally-certain veins or dikes are examples .
In some extreme cases even individual lessons may be needed .
It is currently the only IB World School in Tunisia .
, which charted in the early part of that year .
In some waterfront areas , driftwood is a major nuisance .
In 1949 , researchers found such microliths in Tirunelveli district .
They gave the dead proper burials within urns or pits .
This phase lasted until towards the end of the 1990s .
The youngest son Henry was given money to buy land .
Everman joined Nirvana in February 1989 as a second guitarist .
Everman appeared in Soundgarden 's Louder Than Live home video .
A Kiss cover called `` Do You Love Me ? ''
Her younger sister , Tanisha Mukherjee is also an actress .
The remaining rebels that escaped went home ending the rebellion .
Unlike in the film , Dumbo spoke on the show .
It was a small generator that lit four light bulbs .
If she 's good , she will help us . ''
The program went into national broadcast in 1988 as Live !
However , developers were unable to make the gameplay work .
Overall , this feather pattern looks very much like Archaeopteryx .
More than 100,000 people had their homes damaged in Nayarit .
Olivia was also the strongest September hurricane at the time .
Nicholson was born on a farm near Struble , Iowa .
He served in that role through the 2000 presidential election .
In principle , AFM can provide higher resolution than SEM .
It was damaged during the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami .
She survived her husband by five and a half months .
Bates then retired to his private law practice in Boston .
Stability and improvement in this measurement correlate with better survival .
After the end of the war the community declined rapidly .
Others have been lent to Scottish museums and temporary exhibitions .
They are present in family Malvaceae , the Hibiscus family .
Lorenz died on February 27 , 1989 , in Altenberg .
About 90 % of all leukemias are diagnosed in adults .
And she said , The head of John the Baptist .
The first European to cross the desert was Peter Warburton .
Alexis has been performing since she was six years old .
The group help train Juan into becoming the next Tagabantay .
Much of the genome of Rattus norvegicus has been sequenced .
Management accounting is an applied discipline used in various industries .
The ceremony culminates in a public ejaculation before a celebration .
A Molotov cocktail ( Russian :   , translit .
A second , slightly revised edition was republished in 1958 .
Martin Luther is a 1953 film biography of Martin Luther .
The current convocation of the parliament is the seventh one .
The Senate acknowledged Vespasian as emperor on the following day .
There he was caught by Vespasian 's men and killed .
Debts were quickly accrued and money-lenders started to demand repayment .
Dargie went on to win the prize again in 1956 .
The designation `` RMS '' has been used since 1840 .
Since 2001 the museum has been called the Bielsko-Biaa Museum .
The focal point of the emblem is the fire symbol .
These facilities allow operations to nearly all commercial aircraft types .
The area was declared as a national park in 1993 .
Dorflein died of a heart attack on 22 September 2008 .
Rural settlement 's population : 2,532 ( 2006 est. ) .
It is located in the central part of the district .
The flora of Connecticut comprise a variety of plant species .
Irregular galaxies may contain abundant amounts of gas and dust .
To the left is a credenza ( around 1300 ) .
The upper and middle sections date back to that time .
The figures are all relating to the celebration of mass .
All of these were lost during the 30 year war .
It is the most monumental of its kind in Europe .
Dunkirk is twinned with : Dunkirk has co-operation agreements with :
Freire defined this as a main tenet of critical pedagogy .
He notes that `` it transforms students into receiving objects .
The Great Kanto earthquake (  , Kanto daishinsai ? )
The cultural heritage of Nepal has evolved over the centuries .
At least five more of the accused died in prison .
These pugs had shorter legs and the modern-style pug nose .
It was not until 24 September that Edward left Acre .
It finally became extratropical on July 20 southwest of Iceland .
Marco dissipated that night as the small circulation moved inland .
He went back to China in 1889 for a visit .
Parasites include the tachinid flies Sturmia convergens and Lesperia archippivora .
The maggot then forms a brown pupa on the ground .
In London , pastry chefs sold their goods from handcarts .
The final stage of psychosexual development is the genital stage .
There were three major phases in the break-up of Pangaea .
A number of other physical properties are linked to crystallography .
Team 4 quickly earned a reputation for high-tech industrial design .
is an interactive 3D attraction inspired by classic midway games .
Bentley 's career ended with the Cincinnati Bengals in 1992 .
The annual mean temperature in the area is 27  .
She played Grandma in the 2007 film Son of Rambow .
Consider two particles , denoted by subscripts 1 and 2 .
This configuration has since been known as the O'Neill cylinder .
He married his first wife , Myrle , in 1943 .
He received a Golden Globe for his performance in Ben-Hur .
It is the articles on literary history that are valuable .
Rural settlement 's population : 4,291 ( 2006 est. ) .
It is located in the central part of the district .
In this version , Mustard 's sister is named Shirley .
Duffield Castle was a Norman Castle in Duffield , Derbyshire .
Roads are wide with service lanes for every major road .
Dixie finds Tod and sympathizes with his feelings of abandonment .
The western continuation behind Brandenburg Gate is Strae des 17 .
Stewart was born and raised in Los Angeles , California .
Ice sheets are bigger than ice shelves or alpine glaciers .
Bhutan is a source and transit country for human trafficking .
Petty crime like pickpocketing are occasionally reported in the country .
In 1998 , homicide rate per 100,000 citizens was 2.78 .
The price was agreed as AUD 100,000 for each contract .
Xavier Rudd is an Australian singer , songwriter and multi-instrumentalist .
The prey population eventually recovers , starting a new cycle .
Eating a second prey type helps herbivores ' populations stabilize .
Zoroastrian groups in Iran say their number is approximately 60,000 .
A cross-section through a large hailstone shows an onion-like structure .
However , the human body can produce millions of antibodies .
Catholic Grand Tourists followed the same routes as Protestant Whigs .
It opened in 1956 as one of the original interchanges .
The first women 's singles tournament was held in 1897 .
, commonly abbreviated as Momoclo (  , Momokuro ? )
Richu succumbed to disease in his sixth year of reign .
Tchaikovsky also uses toy instruments during the Christmas party scene .
Brentwood offers university preparatory education from grade 9 to 12 .
Its headquarters are in Washington , D.C. , United States .
A - The Antecedent Condition ( s ) : 3 .
Madrid is a major center for international business and commerce .
Some of the main arguments and counter-arguments are listed below .
Invertebrates , namely mollusks and arthropods , dominated the oceans .
See , for example , the Molecular Genealogy Research Project .
The modern La Romana International Airport was opened in 1999 .
TMNT received mostly mixed to negative reviews from film critics .
The Protestant Reformation resulted in two conflicting attitudes to hymns .
Late on August 5 , all tropical cyclones were discontinued .
It was launched as Superman The Ride in April 2000 .
Unlike Switzerland and France , there are no further restrictions .
This makes her on par with various Avatars of Vishnu .
It takes specialized technology to find and attack modern submarines .
8701 has been certified four-time platinum in the United States .
Some people have attempted to develop techniques to induce OBEs .
He was also Rapid 's captain between 1997 and 2001 .
At its peak , Beechworth town had over 3,100 residents .
A charterhouse is any monastery belonging to the Carthusian order .
The frame was handmade of rectangular 2x4 inch steel tubing .
Both works stressed the importance of liquid water to life .
Brandt was elected Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany .
She lives in Stirlingshire in Scotland and has three children .
Buenos Aires is one of the great capitals of theater .
Both geometric abstraction and lyrical abstraction are often totally abstract .
The priest says the prayer of forgiveness over the penitent .
Ono left the Army while still a private first class .
They can have many moving parts or no moving parts .
Gilbert soon returned to Australia to collect again for Gould .
Some important companies are located in the district of Guetersloh :
Every year there were 5,000 to 6,000 Russian Christian Pilgrims .
In 1928 Stevenson married Ellen Borden , a well-to-do socialite .
Antananarivo is the administrative capital and largest city of Madagascar .
A less well-known but still fairly common paresthesia is formication .
In any case it is not identical with Gestalt psychology .
This began with Capitol 's release of Meet the Beatles !
The other common oxide is carbon monoxide ( CO ) .
In Chiapas , the Liberal-Conservative division had its own twist .
He was not , however , appointed lieutenant until 1780 .
In economics , a want is something that is desired .
The combined North-East Province occupied one fourth of Sri Lanka .
She scored and won the game for the United States .
Some fishes , such as tilapia , are also found .
The state shares many symbols with the island of Ireland .
In the league the club ended in the 11th place .
The mimics are found in similar places to their models .
Her only surviving child was the famous duchesse de Berry .
A hologram requires a laser as the sole light source .
This document was the second trigger of the July Revolution .
It is located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe .
Today either Vesta or more commonly 4 Vesta is used .
Jay McGraw and Phil McGraw then formed Stage 29 Productions .
The thermosphere is the second-highest layer of Earth 's atmosphere .
In Barbados , Remembrance Day is not a public holiday .
USB drives give little or no advance warning of failure .
To its south lies Italy , to the southwest France .
The offices behind those windows were vacant due to renovations .
Shostakovich 's orchestral works include 15 symphonies and six concerti .
Richard 's great-grandson was Oliver Cromwell , the Lord Protector .
Chromium trioxide is highly toxic , corrosive , and carcinogenic .
The following year , Jackson began the HIStory World Tour .
The remainder of the tribe was sent to Indian Territory .
The Sultanate ushered in a period of Indian cultural renaissance .
Argon is one example of a commonly used rarefied gas .
It peaked at number 8 on the UK singles chart .
At that time they were known as the Peel Islands .
It has been awarded 39 times to 34 different coaches .
It aims to pursue businesses in musicals and theater business .
There are ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics depicting the preparation of food .
Sometimes Crema Catalana is baked with a pineapple on top .
Luis Miguel is also known for his high-grossing live performances .
The dairy products in baked goods keep the desserts moist .
Bismuth compounds account for about half the production of bismuth .
Different disciplines were added to the Paralympic program over time .
These are known as smart quotes ( '' '' ) .
Mario Lemieux also then announced retirement due to health-related issues .
The practice is regulated to various degrees in different countries .
His most successful books are the Toad trilogy of books .
Beyond the Baroque period , toccatas are found less frequently .
Yet Baum could never stay away from the stage long .
Treads are often designed to meet specific product marketing positions .
Iowa is the 30th most populated state in the country .
Modern sea kayaks often have two or more internal bulkheads .
( 1872 : The chiming clock again begins working . )
Boll became a full-time writer at the age of 30 .
Today , Oahu has become a tourism and shopping haven .
Around 12 percent of Canadian farmland is located in Manitoba .
Johnson 's first band was the Gobi Desert Canoe Club .
`` Lesbian '' began to describe elements of a subculture .
Poison dart frogs are an example of an aposematic organism .
It is currently kept in the Musee d'Orsay , Paris .
Wikipedia 's subject namespaces and their functions are listed below .
However he did not fight number one contender Sonny Liston .
It was a prelude to Hurricane Flora just days later .
Bruckner learned to play the organ early as a child .
Fish sense sound using their lateral lines and their ears .
Bolivia and Paraguay have been given free ports at Santos .
Bergli is named after the hill on which it lies .
Minting the medals is the responsibility of the host city .
In 1946 , Holiday recorded `` Good Morning Heartache '' .
There is debate as to who originally developed hollandaise sauce .
Mystics can describe their visions as `` spiritual experiences '' .
Including nearby municipalities , the Alicante conurbation had 462,281 residents .
Grief-stricken by his father 's rejection , Idamante runs off .
In fact , is a module over the Iwasawa algebra .
Fiesco feels great remorse and tells Boccanegra about the poison .
Carver was educated at local schools in Yakima , Washington .
Language allows humans to cooperate on a very large scale .
Numbers can be classified into sets , called number systems .
He was a member of the Dominican community at Fiesole .
She also formed and released one album with The Amps .
Charlotte is considered a `` Gamma + world city '' .
Factory released the complete series of Beast Wars on DVD .
Lee has won numerous awards , including an Emmy Award .
The females of many species of mosquitoes are blood-eating pests .
In jazz , the descending aeolian is usually disregarded altogether .
Even in captivity , opossums live only about four years .
The straight-5 engine shows first and second order rocking motion .
This page documents the tornadoes and tornado outbreaks of 2011 .
Framingham Town Meeting has a total of seven Standing Committees .
Colossus was the world 's first electronic digital programmable computer .
The actual site of Hanzei 's grave is not known .
David told Saul he was prepared to face Goliath alone .
Their first album , Monk-Punk , was released in 1991 .
Administrators can make changes to the protected article reflecting consensus .
They may also be closely related to the Australian Myobatrachidae .
They work in the emergency Department for about six months .
It stood in open grassland on a slightly sloping spot .
Some elateriform larvae of click beetles are known as wireworms .
`` Goodies '' is a midtempo Crunk & B song .
There is controversy concerning the safety of benzodiazepines in pregnancy .
Finally he moved to South America to seek his fortune .
Deontological ethics is commonly contrasted to consequentialism and virtue ethics .
Al Gore served as Vice President during the Clinton Administration .
Temporary exhibitions , however , may incur an admission fee .
His early , non-fictional publications dealt mostly with Austrian history .
The cells where Girolamo Savonarola lived can also be visited .
Alberto insists on continuing , forcing Tony to kill him .
She was to be James and Mary 's last child .
ISO 3166-1 is published officially in both English and French .
I believe Peter O'Toole to have this strange quality . ''
The retreating Danish force supposedly left Britain the following summer .
It is the oldest permanent European settlement in the Americas .
The Minoan culture was established by the 27th century BC .
In 1830 , Canaverys was made Second Lieutenant of Artillery .
As Rothbard continued his work , he enlarged the project .
It entered its second season on April 10 , 2009 .
It hosts an annual air show , featuring the Snowbirds .
The cube can be cut into six identical square pyramids .
It may also stabilize the shrimp when it swims backwards .
The so-called black amber is only a kind of jet .
The show became the top radio program in the country .
Nonetheless , she became popular for the amusement she provided .
Issun-boshi and the princess remain close companions and eventually wed. .
The giraffe 's neck vertebrae have ball and socket joints .
Masamune would turn Sendai into a large and prosperous city .
The Amazon River proper runs mostly through Brazil and Peru .
In 2011 , Prague was the sixth-most-visited city in Europe .
He became a naturalised British subject on 28 September 1948 .
The Vienna Philharmonic is based in the Musikverein in Vienna .
The newborns measure 38-50 cm ( 15-20 in ) long .
There were also improvements to the electronics inside the calculators .
Lufthansa was the only significant customer to purchase the 737-100 .
It portrays the Alvarez hypothesis as the cause of extinction .
The losing Triceratops is suddenly ambushed by two Tyrannosaurus Rex .
As of the 2010 census , the population was 66,380 .
Tacitus ( Latin : Marcus Claudius Tacitus Augustus ; ca .
It bears an edible juicy fruit also called a peach .
All colonial hydrozoans also include some polyps specialized for reproduction .
The mall also includes several `` theme areas '' including :
In Hinduism , Brahman is often considered a monistic deity .
Individuals heterozygous for the Hb Lepore request no particular treatment .
Africanized honey bees are more defensive than European honey bees .
In Georgia , flooding damaged over 30 homes in Brunswick .
Messiaen entered the Paris Conservatoire in 1919 , aged 11 .
During 1943-44 , U.S. forces were steadily advancing toward Japan .
The storm dropped 20-30 centimeters of snow over Southern Ontario .
Walruses live to about 20-30 years old in the wild .
A device that only holds information is a recording medium .
At first , the group went under The Jackson Brothers .
The snow leopard is the National Heritage Animal of Pakistan .
Moto left the Army while still a private first class .
In Japanese , it is called chanoyu (  ? )
In that same year Brampton was incorporated as a village .
Newman needed to find financial backing for his first season .
Manet had two canvases accepted at the Salon in 1861 .
